 background : anxiety is a key contributor to decreased quality of life in those living with parkinson's disease ( pd ) more so than overall cognitive status, motor deficits, apathy, and depression [ 13 ]. the present study examined the influence of anxiety on cognition in pd patients with and without anxiety. a total of the repeatable battery for the assessment of neuropsychological status index was used to compare the pda+ and rpd patients with anxiety.results:anxiety was negatively associated with cognitive performance on both digit span forward and backward subtest ( t(19 ) = 2.22, p = 0.031 ), and with a cut - off score of < 6 on the hads - a ( u = 75.5, p < 0.033 ) compared to rpd.conclusion:an anxiety disorder is a common feature of pd and greatly requires better treatment options.conclusions:the findings suggest that anxiety negatively influences attentional set - shifting and working memory.
 mirnas regulate gene expression and tumorigenesis. they regulate the initiation, progression, metastasis and drug resistance of breast cancer cells. in this article, we discuss the role of mirnas in breast cancer and discuss the potential role of them in cancer therapy. in addition, we review the recent literature and research progress on mirnas regulating the breast cancer cell cycle and cellular proliferation. in particular, we highlight the role that mirnas play in breast cancers. in summary, mirnas have been implicated in the development and progression of breast cancers, and their role in the progression of cancer is unknown.
 severe ohss is a serious complication of ovulation induction, occurring in 1 - 10% of in vitro fertilization patients ( rizk and aboulghar, 1991 ; brinsden et al., 1995 ). the aim of this study was to evaluate the role of the pigtail catheter drainage in outpatient management of patients with early onset ohss.resultsresultswe evaluated the efficacy and safety of pigtail kheter drainage, iv fluid replacement and careful monitoring of the patient.
 congenital adrenal hyperplasia ( cah ) refers to a group of autosomal recessive disorders caused by an enzyme deficiency which leads to defects in biosynthesis of steroid precursors. the clinical spectrum may vary from mild form of non classical cah to classic cah.conclusionconclusioncah is a rare disorder with a prevalence rate of 1 in 1000.conclusionscah has been identified as a rare genetic disorder due to a deficiency of 21 hydroxylase.
 type 1 diabetes ( t1d ) results from the destruction of insulin producing pancreatic cells by a cell specific autoimmune process ( 1 ). chronic pancreatic inflammation ( insulitis ) and destruction of islet -cells in the pathogenesis of the disease is mediated by the immune cells, particularly autoreactive cd4 and cd8 t lymphocytes, b cells, macrophages and dendritic cells ( 2 ). the effects of pentoxifylline on the proliferation of proinflammatory cytokines ( ifn - and il-17 ) are cell - specific.
 the present study was a cross - sectional study including adult patients clinically and functionally diagnosed with asthma and receiving outpatient treatment at the clementino fraga filho university hospital, located in rio de janeiro, brazil. the study included 142 patients with mild intermittent or persistent asthma, 72 ( 43.7% ) ; seb, in 35 ( 24.6% ), in 33 ( 23.2% ) and in 45 ( 31.7%), respectively. a total of 142 patients were studied. of the 142 patients, 62 were classified according to the clinical severity of asthma, and the mean serum levels of staphylococcal toxin - specific ige antibodies were 76.1% in patients with severe asthma and 71.1 percent in those with non - severe asthma, mean levels being three times higher in the former than in the latter.
 the family is the cornerstone of human social support network and its presence is essential in everyone s life. changes inevitably occur in families with illness and hospitalization of a family member. in this study, the aim of the study was to determine the effectiveness of nursing interventions based on family needs on family satisfaction level of hospitalized patients in the neurosurgery intensive care unit of al - zahra hospital in 2010. the purpose of this clinical trial was to analyze the satisfaction of the patients in intensive care units and their families in iran.
 coronary artery bypass surgery is the most common surgical procedure for the treatment of cardiovascular patients. it is the only choice for patients with cardiovascular disease. the aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of independent variable ( peplau therapeutic communication ) on the patient anxiety and depression level.methods and methodsthe study was conducted in a group of 10 patients with coronary artery artery bypass who were candidates for bypass surgery.resultsthe patients were randomly divided into test and control groups ( using a coin ( toss ) ) and a randomly assigned group ( using the patient's name ).
 background: the influenza a virus ( h3n2 ) virus ( a / wyoming/3/03 vaccine strain ) is a growing lineage of viruses characterized since july 2004, including the 20042005 vaccine strain, the 20052006 southern hemisphere vaccine strain. the virus has a higher genetic homology to a / wellington/7/04 vaccine strain and is genetically equivalent to the 20052005 southern hemisphere h3 n2 vaccine strain.conclusion:the virus has been characterized by the k145n substitution of the ha1 hemagglutinin protein from 26 nepal isolates, including those of a / wojian/411/2003 vaccine strain ( k145p ).
 background : obesity is a worldwide phenomenon and is increasingly associated with health and mortality. we investigate the relationship between obesity and physiological dysregulation in the us and england. the aim of this study is to investigate the association between obesity, physiological dysregulated, and cardiovascular risk in the american and taiwan populations. we use demographic factors, physical activity, diet, and social environments to determine biological risk and biological dysregulation among the us, england, and us men and women.
 background: suppurative meningitis ( sm ) is a life - threatening condition. it is rare in males with macro tumors secreting prolactin ( prl ) and in other pituitary tumors ( pt ).  we analyzed 82 male mprl patients with sm who were treated with dopamine agonists or somatostatin. the majority of the cases were meninges and sella floor, responsible for suppurative maningitis, and the tumor size was significantly reduced.
 purpose : to present results in 300 patients operated for lumbar disc herniation by destandau endospine system. the aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of this system in treatment of lumbars with radiculopathy and to discuss technical points to shorten the learning curve.methods : we report a series of 300 patients with lumbosacral disc herniations were operated between january 2002 and december 2008.results:results:the results were evaluated by macnab's criteria after a minimum followup of 12 months and maximum up to 24 months.
 background : medical tourism is a multi - billion dollar industry with a large population of international patients. it is a major source of information for decision - making of patients in countries like india, thailand, singapore, malaysia, belgium, costa rica, cuba, dubai, hungary, israel, jordan, south africa and many others are being benefited in their economy by this recent phenomenon.conclusion : attitudinal theory of destination image formation is a well - established and comprehensively tested model of the medical tourism industry.conclusions:attitudinal image of destination is the total of ideas, beliefs, and impressions of destination.
 the humanized immunoglobulin - like growth factor receptor ( igf-1r ) is a type 1 receptor that is activated by the proteolytic cleavage of the epidermal growth factor ( egf ). it is the only physiological ligand for met signaling in head and neck cancers, and it is a promising therapeutic target for treating patients with hnscc.conclusionthe use of anti - igf -1r and egfr - targeted therapies in the treatment of head and necks cancers remains an active area of research, although gaps in our knowledge concerning the role of met and igf are still to be addressed.
 background : the purpose of this study was to investigate the neuroprotective effect of tq against mpp - induced apoptotic cell death in primary mesencephalic cell cultures.materials and methods : the first set of cultures was treated with tq ( 0.01, 0.1, 1, and 10 m ) on the eighth div for 48 h. cultures were treated with a stock solution of diaminobenzidine ( pbs, ph 7.2 ) for 15 min at 37c. after washing with dpbs, cells were permeabilized with 0.4% triton x-100 for 30 min at room temperature. after the th immunohistochemical staining of cultured cells, the cells were stained with a red : green fluorescence ratio of jc-1.
 the femoral head often leads to healing complications, while the more predictable prosthetic replacements are associated with poorer function and significant complications. the treatment of these fractures depends on the age of the patient, fracture displacement, bone quality, timing of surgery and activity level. in young patients, non - union can definitely be diagnosed within a year of fracture fixation with the same being achieved within 3 months at times. after non-union has been established, intervention is inevitable. we report a case of non -union of the neck of the femur which was graded as garden type 4 ( fig ).
 granuloma faciale ( gf ) is an uncommon, benign, inflammatory skin disorder of unknown etiology. it is characterized by single or multiple, grey - brown or violaceous nodules or plaques primarily occurring on the face and occasionally at extra - facial sites. topical tacrolimus may be a well - tolerated, efficacious therapy for gf. in conclusion, we present a patient with multiple lesions of gf and its response to topical tacrolimus.
 background: chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia ( cmmol ) is a rare disease with an incidence of 0.370.72 per 100 000 population. the median age at diagnosis varies between 65 years and 75 years [ 14 ]. the radical treatment is allogeneic stem cell transplantation, although this treatment is unsuitable for most patients because of their advanced age [ 6, 7 ]. in the present case, we performed an oral hydroxyurea ( hydrea ) treatment to clean the inflamed region in his mouth.
 bivalirudin is a promising anticoagulant for cardiopulmonary bypass ( cpb ) and ecmo. it is recommended that, in the event of echocardiographic evidence of a'smoke effect'within one or more cardiac chambers, it should be replaced by standard heparin anticoagulation. we think that, during cpb, blood stagnation in the circuit be avoided because the rapid cleavage of bivalirudin may result in thrombosis.
 coronary angiography ( mdct ) is a promising imaging method for the evaluation of coronary artery disease. the purpose of this study was to assess lv ejection fraction ( lvef ) using 64-slice as a byproduct of coronary angiology. we evaluated the efficacy of mdct in patients with a low radiation dose, prospective gating, and coronary angiologist ( ct ) gating technique. in addition, we compared mdct with the ct gating method, which was used in a heterogeneous patient population.
 the bacterium moraxella catarrhalis is a gram - negative, aerobic diplococcus human mucosal pathogen which causes middle ear infections in infants and children [ 13 ], and it is one of the three major causes of otitis media along with streptococcus pneumonia and haemophilus influenzae. we report the discovery of a bioassay - guided fractionation of a bacterium derived from the genus of aristolochia bracteolata.
 we report a case of an infected thoracic aortic aneurysm mimicking anca - associated vasculitis. the patient was admitted to the nagoya city university hospital with a fever, which persisted for three weeks, along with a loss of appetite, proteinuria, hematuria, and renal dysfunction. a contrast - enhanced computed tomography ( ct ) revealed a pseudoaneurysm in the descending aorta, which suggested that the patient had an infected aneurysm.
 endometriosis is a common cause of infertility, pelvic pain, dysmenorrhea, and dyspareunia in reproductive - age women. the prevalence is high and the treatments are based on these unclear mechanisms. in this randomized, double - blind, randomized clinical trial, we investigated the effect of vitamin d supplementation on cessation of pain in the first 6 months after laparoscopic diagnosis and treatment in women with endometriosis and also in women who had other benign gynecological conditions.resultswe compared the serum and peritoneal levels of 25-dihydroxy vitamin d3 ( cholecalciferol ) and placebo on severity of pelvic pain and/or pelvic pain at second menses after operative laparoscopy.
 the purpose of this study was to compare the apical microleakage and gap formation of ah plus / gutta - percha with epiphany sealer and epiphany system. the apical gap formation was evaluated using secondary electron microscopy ( se ) mode and corresponding energy dispersive spectroscopy ( eds ) spectrum of agno3 leakage.resultsthe apical gap was divided into 5 regions of 1 mm to evaluate microleaking.
 neonatal diabetes mellitus ( pndm ) is a monogenic form of diabetes characterized by defects in pancreatic beta cell development and function. the most common causes of neonatal diabetic mellitus are insulin hypersensitivity, insulin hypersensitive, and insulin secretion in the early 6 months of life. in this study, we report a case of p.h186d heterozygous mutation in the kcnj11 gene, encoding the subunit kir6.2, c.556c > g ( p.his186asp ).
 acute renal failure ( arf ) is an important cause of hospital - acquired arf and is responsible for 12% of cases. radiocontrast - induced nephropathy ( rin ) can lead to acute kidney failure ( rf ), which may require dialysis therapy. urine il-18 levels are useful for detecting rin. in this study, we aimed to compare the plasma creatinine levels in comparison with spot urea nitrogen ( bun ) levels in response to radiocontrast agent administration. in conclusion, spot urine il -18 levels were measured with a human iopromid.
 hyaluronic acid ( ha ) is a novel antiadhesive and antibiofilm coating for the treatment of peri - prosthetic joint infections ( pji ). it has been shown to significantly reduce bacterial adhesion and biofilm formation on the surface of polymethylmethacrylate intraocular lenses ( iols ). in this prospective, randomized, double - blind, placebo - controlled study, hyaluronan - based hydrogel was used to reduce bacterial adhesive adhesion to the surface and to prevent bacterial adhesive formation. in the mean time to uti recurrence, the effect of ha on the adhesion density of pd5 mm was significantly lower in the study group ( p value = 0.024 ) compared to the control group.conclusionshyaluric acid has a proven in vitro antiadhesion / antibiofil effect against some of the most common bacterial pathogens.
 antimicrobial resistance ( amr ) poses a major threat to patient's treatment as it leads to increased morbidity and mortality, increased hospital stay, and severe economic loss to the patient and nation [ 3, 4 ]. this short term cross - sectional study was undertaken to detect the incidence of mdr, xdr, and pandrug - resistant ( pdr ) bacteria in a tertiary care hospital of central india. in the present study, 250 ( 33.5% ) strains were detected from pseudomonas aeruginosa, methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus ( mrsa ), enterococci especially vancomycin resistant enterococcus ( vre ), and members of family enterobacteriaceae.
 ureterocele is a congenital urinary abnormality characterized by the presence of an intrabladder hernia or cystic ballooning of the lower end of a urester lying between the mucosa and muscle of the bladder. ureters can have different clinical presentations, such as antenatal hydronephrosis, uti, vesicoureteral reflux ( vur ), bladder outlet obstruction, prolapsed urethral mass, etc. tc - dimercapto succinic acid ( dmsa ) scan should be undertaken routinely to assess the distribution of function in the duplex kidney and for detecting and follow - up of scarred tissue and nonfunctioning upper poles in cases of uretherocele.
 the purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of vertebral fractures on the quality of life of healthy, community - dwelling women aged 65 years or older using the qualeffo questionnaire. the questionnaire was used to assess the impact on the health of the patients with osteoporosis, osteopenia, or normal bone density.resultsthe questionnaire was validated by individual interviews using the genant semi - quantitative method and the kruskal - wallis test.resultsmethods and methodsthe questionnaire included a total score of 0.033 g / cm for the lumbar spine, femoral neck, and total femur, and a two - sided 5% significance level.resultssthe results were compared between women with and without fractures and those without fractures using the qalffo.resultsresultsthe results for both the vertebral fracture assessment ( qalf ) and the qALffo were compared with those of the other groups ( p<0.001).resultssthis results showed that the presence of at least one fracture was negatively associated with the total qualefo score.
 endometrial sampling is an effective and acceptable method for obtaining endometri samples for histopathological assessment. however, it is more problematic in postmenopausal women, for whom the need for admission and general anesthesia and their associated costs have made this option less favorable. in our institution, the use of the explora model i tool has been widely considered to be the method of choice for obtaining adequate endometrally accurate endometrial samples for the detection of endometral hyperplasia or carcinoma.
 background : the pebas system is a complex mosaic of avulsive rivers and associated wetlands, which originates in the andes. it is suggested to have been deposited in a fluvial overbank environment. principle, it is difficult to determine the origin of this system, but it is widely accepted that it was formed in the late Miocene ( 23 ma ) due to the high amount of overbank fines. theory, however, it has not been proven to be a fully formed lake.
 incidental adrenal enlargement has become a common clinical problem in china. however, there is a lack of literature on functional status and its follow - up to provide comprehensive insight to these findings. in this retrospective study, we examined the prevalence of incidental adrenals enlargement in a tertiary referral hospital with endocrinological departments in chinese. we included 578 patients with adrenal imaging features showing adrenal hyperplasia, which was detected in 64 cases, giving a prevalence of 11.3%.
 background : the lack of health knowledge among caregivers is a major cause of mortality in children less than 60 months in developing countries. we try to raise families health knowledge about infectious diseases by a method that uses children as health agents.methods : we used the method of interventional pre and post series to conduct our research.results:the results show that children have done better in pre - test and post - test about all topics except brucellosis. in addition, parents have had acceptable information about the importance of unpasteurized milk and yogurt in their children's health.
 septic arthritis of the shoulder is uncommon in adults. it is a surgical emergency as joint destruction occurs rapidly and can lead to significant morbidity and mortality. this case highlights the importance of maintaining high index of suspicion in patients presenting with atypical shoulder pain associated with stiffness. in this case report, a 43 years old man presented to the orthopaedic outpatient clinic with at least 2 months history of pain and limited range of motion in his left shoulder. on examination, his shoulder movements were severely restricted. on physical examination, hematogenous seeding of shoulder joint was observed.
 split - liver transplantation ( slt ) is an attractive alternative procedure to expand the donor pool in patients waiting for liver transplantation. we describe an uncommon late biliary complication that occurred after slt and was successfully treated by a multidisciplinary approach. the patient underwent a percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography ( ptc ) using a t - tube for the obliteration of isolated segmental bile ducts in four cases.
 background : the use of rr inhibitors as radiosensitizers in the treatment of locally advanced cervical cancer has been a significant advance in our understanding of the biological interactions between rr and diphosphates, the fundamental building blocks of diphysis. recent studies have demonstrated that rr is involved in the cellular response to ionizing radiation ( ir ). in addition, many studies investigating the mechanism of action of hu were carried out, resulting in a far clearer understanding of this pathway from a number of well - done pre - clinical studies.
 the study of long bones and the cells of the bone marrow is central to a myriad of research disciplines, including, but not limited to, bone biology, cancer biology, immunology, hematology, and biomechanics. the bone is a highly dynamic organ that together with the cartilage forms the skeleton to provide mechanical support against loading and protection of the internal organs. bone and bone marrow are a storage sink for the critical signaling molecules calcium and phosphorus, as well as other factors.
 tuberculosis ( tb ) is a major health issue in developing countries with over two billion people being infected with tuberculosis bacilli world wide ( 1 ). although tb was recently regarded primarily as a disease of the developing countries it is now also on the increase in developed countries such as the united kingdom, mainly as a result of globalisation as well as an increase in immunosuppressed patients. the incidence of tb in the uk increased by 5.5% in 2009 when compared to those in 2008 ( 2 ).
 the value of the ketogenic diet ( kd ) has been recognized in the treatment of epilepsy, although the exact mechanisms by which it exerts its effect remain an enigma. the kd is comprised of four elements, the changes of which can potentially lead to changes in gene expression which in turn result in some of the above - noted changes in the gene expression of the free fatty acids ( ffas ) in the brain, leading to increased energy reserves. this effect can be crucial for the application of the anticonvulsant effect in medical conditions other than intractable epilepsy.
 the endotracheal tube ( ett ) should be placed at the optimal level to avoid inadvertent complication. the mid - tracheal level, which is considered the optimal depth of ett, can be predicted by the surface distance between the cricoid cartilage and the suprasternal notch, and the upper incisor and the carina in the neutral neck position.conclusionthe purpose of this study was to determine whether surface anatomical landmarks can be used to predict the mid- trachea level in adults, especially in females.
 this paper examines the ethical implications of donation to stem cell research in the united kingdom. the purpose of this study is to examine the social and ethical meanings that are emerging around the act of donating embryos to research. in addition, we examine the implications of this ethical concern for the use of surplus embryos in research, and how they are stabilised and used in the future. in the u.k. and chinese studies, participants were asked to decide whether or not to donate or to refuse to donate their surplus embryos to stem cells research.
 thyroid cancer is the most common endocrine neoplasia which accounts for about 1% of human cancers. it is a rare but significant endocrine disease that is increasingly managed by pediatric providers. we discuss the etiology of pediatric mtc and currently available therapeutic modality for the cancer. we also discuss the role of the ret gene mutation in the early development of mtc in the men type 2 syndromes and the pathophysiology of the disease. in this review, we discuss how the ret mutation in men2b is associated with the early onset of hereditary mtc.
 the biomechanical model of the brain is based on a linear elastic model, which is used to model the deformation of the skull and dura. it is also based on the geometry of the imr images, and it can be deformed in accordance with the displacement field of the adjacent imr image. in this paper, we describe two patient cases that illustrate our approach for handling brain shift followed by successive resections. in the first category, we describe the biomechical model, based on two time - point images, that is, the whole - brain region boundary, and the internal tumor region boundary. in both cases, we use a linear finite element ( fem or xfem ) to model brain shift.
 n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ( pufa ) have been suggested to decrease and increase the incidence of gastroesophageal reflux disease ( gi ). however, the use of pufas in the treatment of gi cancer is controversial. the use and application of pfa in the prevention and treatment of cancer has been controversial, especially in the context of the increasing incidence of colorectal cancer, and the risk of esophagusal adenocarcinoma.
 46xy dsd is a rare condition characterized by ambiguous female genitalia, bilateral streak gonads, and elevated gonadotropins. it is the most common cause of 46x dsd. in our study, 11 patients were reared as female and three ( s.10, s.11, and s.12 ) with ambiguous genitalia. in the absence of gonadal development, the diagnosis of 46xy is difficult. in this study, we evaluated the clinical, hormonal, radiological, and radiological profiles of 46y dsd patients.
 background: methicillin - resistant staphylococcus aureus ( mrsa ) is an opportunistic pathogen affecting both immune competent and immunocompromised individuals, frequently resulting in significant morbidity. we chronologically assessed the source, patient demographics, and antimicrobial susceptibilities of mra - positive isolates from the hospital and community setting over a 5-year period in university hospital waterford a tertiary referral hospital with the primary microbiology laboratory for 4 acute hospitals, serving a total catchment area of almost 500,000, excluding 2 small private elective inpatient institutions.
 acquired c1inh deficiency is a rare disorder which can cause severe abdominal pain mimicking an acute surgical abdomen. we describe a case of a patient who developed incapacitating, recurrent severe abdominal pains, culminating in partial bowel resection. in this case, we describe the patient with atherosclerotic vascular disease who developed acute bowel edema, culminating with partial bowel s resection. the patient had a history of abdominal pain, which frequently corresponds to chronic lymphocytic leukemia ( cll ).
 the purpose of this study was to analyze the overall and comparative clinico - radiological outcomes ( radiographic and ultrasonographic ) of surgical treatment of a lateral clavicle fracture with a joint - spanning implant and coracoclavicular ligament reconstruction using endobutton device. the hospital records of all patients who were surgically treated for lateral clava fractures between 2005 and 2008 at three hospitals were retrospectively evaluated to identify the study group. the results were summarized in table 1. a combination of a joint- spanning implant alone ( group 1 ), and a joint sparing implant ( group 2 ) resulted in stable fixation and comminution.
 a 68-year - old woman visited the clinic with the chief complaints of pain, swelling, and a warm sensation in her left thigh for over 2 days prior to her visit. the patient also complained about a warm feeling during the nighttime but body temperature was normal when measured in the clinic.conclusionthe potential for a deep vein thrombosis requires continuous thought and attention regarding relevant examinations for patients at high risk for thrombosis as well as for embolism ( e.g., polycythemia vera ).