the role of rna 3′-end processing in regulatory variation remains largely unknown. our analysis mapped the cis-regulatory architecture of 3′ gene ends. it found that transcript end positions did not fall randomly in untranslated regions. the use of these transcript length forms and motifs varied across human individuals.
live attenuated simian immunodeficiency virus ( lasiv ) vaccine sivnef is one of the most effective vaccines in inducing protection against wild-type lentiviral challenge. however, little is known about the mechanisms underlying its remarkable protective efficacy. we exploit deep sequencing technology and comprehensive cd8 t cell epitope mapping to deconstruct the cd8-t cell response.
mucosal infections with candida albicans belong to the most frequent forms of fungal diseases. host protection is conferred by cellular immunity; however, the induction of antifungal immunity is not well understood.
the global programme to eliminate lymphatic filariasis ( gpelf) delivered more than 1. 9 billion treatments to nearly 600 million individuals via annual mass drug administration ( mda ) of anti-filarial drugs ( albendazole, ivermectin, diethylcarbamazine ) to all at-risk for 4–6 years. the number of clinical manifestations averted was first quantified and the savings associated with this disease prevention then analyzed
glucocerebrosidase is the most common lysosomal storage disease. mutations in the gene result in gaucher disease ( gd ). this is due to homozygous mutations causing a strong risk for sporadic parkinson’s disease (pd ).
listeria monocytogenes is a facultative intracellular pathogen capable of inducing a robust cell-mediated immune response to sub-lethal infection. the ability of l. monocytoogenes to escape from the phagosome and enter the host cell cytosol is paramount for the induction of long-lived antigen-specific t cells. this suppression limited not only the adaptive response to vacuole-confined l - but negated the response to bacteria within a phag
primary open-angle glaucoma ( poag) is the most common subtype. is a complex trait with multigenic inheritance. genome-wide association studies have previously identified a significant association between poag and the six6 locus. six nonsynonymous coding variants were identified.
in the human intestinal pathogen clostridium difficile, flagella promote adherence to intestinal epithelial cells. flagellar gene expression also indirectly impacts production of the glucosylating toxins. factors that regulate the expression of flgb operon will likely impact toxin production.
in the model organism bacillus subtilis, gene expression in the forespore and in the mother cell control early stages of development and are replaced, at later stages by g and k. the activation of the sigma factors is sequential, requires the preceding factor, and involves cell-cell signaling pathways that operate at key morphological stages.
a framework to model the dose response of allosteric multisite phosphorylation proteins using a single auxiliary variable. this reduction can closely replicate the steady state behavior of detailed multisite systems such as the monod-wyman-changeux allosteic model or rule-based models. many multisite proteins are involved in regulatory processes that can benefit from bistability, hysteresis, or limit cycles.
the interplay between circuit components and their regulation are intertwined and embedded. observable phenotypes are complex and context dependent.
malaria burden remains high in the sub-saharan region where helminths are prevalent. the impact of these co-infections is not clearly elucidated yet. we investigated the effect of schistosomiasis on malaria infection. prevalence on subject enrolment was 30%, 23% and 9%.
inflammation is known to be necessary for promoting, sustaining, and tuning cd8+ t cell responses. follows experimental leishmania donovani infection. the inflammatory response is mainly induced by the transcription factor irf-5.
the appropriate use of prognostic factors to identify patients at higher risk of unfavorable outcomes represents a potential tool for clinical practice. the full texts of 14 studies conforming to the inclusion criteria were analyzed and their methodological quality examined by means of a tool developed in the light of current research tools.
the treatment of visceral and cutaneous leishmanioses ( vl and cl ) has been and continues to be based on antimony-containing drugs. it is suspected that high drug selective pressure might favor the emergence of chemoresistant parasites.
crohn’s disease ( cd) is a chronic inflammatory condition of diverse etiology. exposure to foodborne pathogens causing acute gastroenteritis produces a long-term risk of cd well into the post-infectious period. the mechanistic basis for this ongoing relationship to disease onset is unknown.
the female gametophyte of arabidopsis consists of two gametic cells. the egg cell and the central cell are flanked by five accessory cells, respectively. both gametic and accessory cells are vital for fertilization. however, the mechanisms that underlie the formation of accessory versus gametic cell fate are unknown.
the role of footwear in protection against a range of neglected tropical diseases ( ntds) is gaining increasing attention. a better understanding of the behaviors that influence use of footwear will lead to improved ability to measure shoe use and will be important for those implementing footwear programs.
the pseudorabies virus ( prv) protein plays a central role in targeting viral capsids and glycoproteins to axons of dissociated sympathetic neurons. as a result, us9 null mutants are defective in anterograde transmission of infection in vivo.
genetically identical cells exhibit extensive phenotypic variation even under constant and benign conditions. the budding yeast, saccharomyces cerevisiae, shows a similar form of nongenetic heterogeneity in which growth rate correlates positively with susceptibility to drugs or stress.
chikungunya virus ( chikv) has recently spread to the americas to cause an estimated 1. 7 million cases of severe, debilitating and often chronic arthralgia in humans. this is an eminent threat to public health worldwide and is continuously re-emerging or spreading to uninfected areas. we studied the viral genetic diversity present in infected individuals from guadeloupe and martinique.
the mtor signaling pathways regulate cell growth and are involved in multiple human diseases. here, we identify ubtor, a previously unannotated gene as a functional player in regulating cell growth.
systematically interrogated the co-complex interactions of more than 3354 protein groups in procyclic life stage of trypanosoma brucei. the protozoan parasite responsible for human africa trypanosomiasis ( hat). a global map of protein interactions and complexes is still lacking for these important human parasites.
lymph nodes ( ln) are among the most common sites of extrapulmonary mycobacterium tuberculosis ( mtb ) infection. thoracic lns are frequently infected in humans. the effect of tb infection in ln structure and function is relatively unstudied.
nematode caenorhabditis elegans has become a model host for studying microsporidia through the identification of its natural microsporidian pathogen nematocida parisii. the genus enteropsectra and pancytospora are genetically distinct from the species in the wild.
a plethora of studies show that homo- and heterodimers or even higher order oligomers of the chemokine receptors cxcr4, ccr5, and ccr2 modulate receptor function. despite their high sequence identity, cholesterol modulated the cc homodimer interfaces in a subtype-specific manner.
systemic leishmaniasis has been known to present with prolonged fever, hepatosplenomegaly and wasting. beside this classical form, a sub-clinical form has been identified. other findings have been reported instead, such as lymphadenopathy and anemia.
millions of mutations and polymorphisms occur in human populations. they are potential predictors of disease, of predisposition to drugs. and of age-related conditions such as impaired brain and cardiovascular functions. no study has explored the potential of variants that occur at homologous positions within paralogous human proteins. information about variant-pairs can be used to identify potentially disease-causing variants.
malaria parasite plasmodium falciparum is exposed to multiple selection pressures. the host environment changes dramatically in severe malaria. but the extent to which the parasite responds to—or is selected by—this environment remains unclear.
long-term delivery of potent broadly-neutralizing antibodies is a promising approach for the prevention of hiv-1 infection. we used aav vector intramuscularly to deliver anti-siv monoclonal antibodies ( mabs) in igg1 form to rhesus monkeys. host antibody responses to the delivered antibody were observed in 9 of the 12 monkeys and these appeared to limit the concentration of delivered antibody that could be achieved.
the linearity assumption is deficient for ligand-induced conformational motions and can even be violated for characteristic thermal fluctuations. the deficiency is particularly pronounced in kif1a where the normal mode description fails completely in describing functional mechanochemical motions. however, there is no general justification to assume that relaxation processes in proteins are linear and this assumption has to be verified.
several studies have suggested crosstalk between different clathrin-independent endocytic pathways. however, the molecular mechanisms and functional relevance of these interactions are unclear. caveolins and cavins are crucial components of caveolae.
two-component signaling systems are ubiquitous in bacteria, archaea and plants. to propagate a signaling response the typical system employs a sensory histidine kinase that phosphorylates a receiver ( rec ) domain on a conserved aspartate ( asp ) residue. it remains unclear how many of these divergent rec domains exist. this work defines alrs as an atypical rec subclass.
oncolytic herpes simplex viruses ( ohsvs) showed efficacy in clinical trials and practice. most of them gain cancer-specificity from deletions/mutations in genes that counteract the host response. because of the deletions, they grow selectively in cancer cells defective in anti-viral responses.
adenovirus 5 ( ad5 ) - based hiv vaccine clinical trials. we investigated the hiv susceptibility of vector-specific cd4 t cells induced by alvac. compared to ad5-specific. cd4. t cells in the hvtn204 trial.
mammalian females transcriptionally silence one x chromosome copy per female somatic cell. x inactivation is universal among therian mammals. but the choice of which x to silence exhibits considerable variation among species.
zinc-finger antiviral protein ( zap) is a host factor that restricts the infection of many viruses mainly through rna degradation. only one flavivirus, yellow fever virus, has been reported to be zap-resistant.
rift valley fever virus ( rvfv) is a major human and animal pathogen associated with severe disease including hemorrhagic fever or encephalitis. there is significant concern regarding its introduction into non-endemic regions and the potentially devastating effect to livestock populations with concurrent infections of humans. to date, there is little detailed data directly comparing the host response to infection with wild-type or vaccine strains of rvfv and correlation with viral pathogenesis.
chemotherapeutic resistance in triple-negative breast cancer ( tnbc) has brought great challenges to the improvement of patient survival. the mechanisms of taxane chemoresistance in tnbc have not been well investigated.
toxoplasma gondii is an obligate intracellular parasite that can infect virtually all nucleated cells in warm-blooded animals. it is dependent on its ability to transport “gra” proteins that originate in unique secretory organelles called dense granules into the host cell in which they reside. some of these gra proteins, such as gra16 and gra24, are secreted into the parasitophorous vacuole ( pv ) within which tox
the origin recognition complex ( orc ) coordinates a series of events that lead to initiation of dna strand duplication. the viral e2 protein binds to and recruits the e1 dna helicase at the viral origin. papillomaviruses ( pv ) are medically important pathogens.
the world health organization classifies brucellosis as a neglected zoonotic disease that is rarely in the spotlight for research. there is a concern that the growing number of people and livestock living close together in these areas will increase the transmission of zophrenic pathogens such as brucella.
zymoseptoria tritici has as many as eight accessory chromosomes. instability often correlates with disease and dysfunction of dna repair mechanisms.
prompt post-exposure prophylaxis ( pep) is essential in preventing the fatal onset of disease in persons exposed to rabies. most of the estimated 7 million people exposed each year live in resource poor countries where life-saving vaccines are not always available or easily affordable. reducing costs and preventing delays in delivery of pep should therefore be prioritized.
toxoplasma is an obligate intracellular parasite that replicates in mammalian cells within a parasitophorous vacuole ( pv ) that does not fuse with any host organelles. the parasite is capable of accessing lipids stored in host ld and incorporates them into its own membranes and ld.
triclabendazole is the preferred drug since is effective against both juvenile and mature parasites. up to date there are no reports of in vitro screening for non-peptidic inhibitors of fasciola hepatica cathepsins secreted by juvenile and adult liver flukes.
the visual system transmits information about fast and slow changes in light intensity through separate neural pathways. we used in vivo imaging to investigate how bipolar cells transmit these signals to the inner retina.
em and fluorescence microscopy offer complementary advantages and disadvantages. em remains the gold standard for reliable identification of a synapse. but em offers only limited molecular discrimination.
zinc is a vital trace element crucial for the proper function of some 3, 000 cellular proteins. specifically, zinc is essential for key physiological processes including nucleic acid metabolism. regulation of gene expression, signal transduction, cell division, immune- and nervous system functions.
14-3-3 proteins are able to bind phosphorylated proteins. exonuclease 1 processes stalled replication forks in checkpoint-defective yeast cells. this leads to persistent checkpoint activation.
