the time series of sunspot area fluctuations from the maximum activity period is analyzed. the periodogram of suns in the sunspot areas is analyzed using the power spectrum analysis. it is shown that the periodicity of about 155 days is statistically significant during the maximum energy period and that it is not associated with the solar activity period. in the case of the solar energy index, the periodograms of the suns are analyzed using a wavelet analysis. 
in this paper a new method of the diagnosis of an echo - effect is used. we investigate the detectability of circular polarization in the stochastic gravitational wave background (sgwb) by the so - called stokes parameters. we derive the generalized overlap reduction functions for circular polarization and calculate generalized orfs for circular polarizations. 
in this paper, we investigate circular polarization by the stokes parameter. [sec : separation method], we find that circular polarization can not be detected for an isotropic background. in the case of @xmath0 mode, we derive generalized overlap reductions functions for the circular polarization.
we derive a new barrier penetration formula based on the wkb approximation. the new formula reproduces the experimental results very well, especially for spherical nuclei, especially in the study of @xmath0 decays. we apply the new formulation to the barrier penetration with penetration energy much lower than the coulomb barrier. for spherical and even - even nuclei, we derive an analytical expression for the barrier penetrability and for the fusion cross section at energies much smaller than the barrier height.
numerical time integration schemes are used for lattice field theory calculations. numerical time-integration schemes can be used to achieve a satisfactory acceptance rate for numerical integration in lattice qcd. in this paper we compare the behavior of the nested force-gradient scheme and the adapted version of the hmc algorithm. the results of a comparison between widely used algorithms and the new approach are presented. the results show that numerical time integrating schemes are the best choice for numerical applications.
functional equations for two-loop integrals with four, five and six external legs are studied. the method is based on algebraic relations between propagators and integrals. in this paper we describe a new method for deriving functional equations. functional equations are derived from algebraic relation for integrals of two, three and four propagators. in particular, we derive functional equations of integrals that are not bound by any algebraic relationship. in addition, we obtain a new hypergeometric representation for the one-loop massless vertex type integral. in the next section, we describe the method for obtaining functional equations in terms of algebraic relationships between propagator, vertex and box type integrals and we show that the method can be used to derive functional equation for the two- and three-loop integral.
we study the efficiency of a frequency hough procedure, based on the main idea of coincidences among subsets of data. we compare it with the sky hough, which is used in the virgo collaboration. the results are clear: the efficiency is improved by the increasing of the frequency over resolution factor, and thus efficiencies, for both the methods. the results show up mainly for the sensitivity of the hough to the presence of spurious lines in the peakmap.
we present a review of the current state of the science of searching for progenitors of core-collapse supernovae (cc sne) by examining images of the supernova (sn) sites taken prior to the explosion. the results are presented in a summary of the observational advances that have been made in the last ten years. we discuss the implications of these results for future studies of the progenitor class, and discuss the potential implications for future discoveries in the field.
we study single-transverse spin asymmetries in dijet-correlations at rhic. we find that the initial- and final-state interactions of the sivers functions for the dijet correlation are in principle sensitive to the quark-gluon correlation functions. the asymmetry shares many features with the one shown for sidis and the drell-yan processes. 1/2-moments of the spin-dependent cross section for the sii functions for dijet production are found to be identical to the ones in sidis.
we derive a large deviation principle for the distributions of @xmath0 of @xcite. we show that the probability of picking (from the initial infinite population) two leaves that belong to the same family is approximately @xm0. large deviations are obtained for the distribution of @xmath1, @xmm2 and @xrm3 for @xxmath4. we also prove that the distribution is of the form of a small deviation principle with scale and good rate function.
we study the phenomenon of the long-distance propagation of temporal solitary waves in optical fibers and waveguides. we show that the nonlinear phase matching between the two-wave parametric solitons is a key physical effect that can support coupled-mode multi-frequency solitary waves. the phenomenon can be described by the cubic nonlinear schrödinger equation, which is known to be integrable by means of the inverse-scattering technique. for a long time stationary beam propagation in a multi-component nonlinear medium, the multistep cascading can be used to support a novel type of multi-wave spatial soliton.
we study the properties of a four-particle entangled state for a bipartite composite system. we show that the three-particle entanglement is a good measure of entangling in a bipartite composite system, as it is a non-linear state. using the stimulated raman adiabatic passage technique, the entropies of the two-level atoms are simultaneously transferred to the state. in the present case, we show the existence of a poly-quantum entangled state, which is a composite system of three particles.
we calculate the oscillation spectrum of the blue supergiant hd 163899 and compare it with models in shell hydrogen burning phase. we find that the oscillations in the blue loops are stable and the instability in the red giant branch is lower than in models with masses of @xmath0. the blue loop models are calculated with a linear and zero-rotation approximation and the blue-loop models with a classical instability parameter. in this paper a comparison of pulsational instability with models before core helium ignition can be obtained.
we study the possibility of the existence of three types of domain walls (dws) in a binary system of ultracold bosonic gases. we find that, in the case of the bec and tg components, the dws are not related by any condition similar to the cubic self-defocusing nonlinearity, but by the cubic and quintic self-repulsion nonlinearities. in this paper, we present a model of a binary gas of impenetrable bosons, which is solvable in the form of an immiscible pair of bec-tg quantum gases, in a nonlinear system of tg and bec gases. in particular, the two-species mixtures of the two quantum gases have been studied in a quasi-1d setting.
we use a modified flow analysis to identify inflation models which are compatible with all cosmological observations. we perform numerical evolution of the primordial perturbations on scales which exit the horizon close to the end of inflation. in this analysis the power spectrum of the perturbation amplitude on small scales is calculated numerically. in the case of inflation models, the amplitude of the amplitude is large enough to produce a significant density of pbhs. pbh constraints on the power scale are used to constrain the power of pbh constraint on inflation models.
the sofia flight planning problem has a number of external constraints, all of which prevent a truly automated, or even rigorously sequential, flight planning process. the problem arises from the nature of astronomical observation, which is a challenge for any particular mission. we propose a new approach to the problem, which includes a simulation environment, a flight management infrastructure (fmi) product, and an execution component that runs in the air. the fmi software components are integrated with the airborne data acquisition software to acquire the aircraft s position and attitude. while on the ground, the planner portion of fmi interacts with observers planning software and must support multiple simultaneous planning sessions.
we have simulated 2-colour qcd with a finite quark / baryon - number density at zero and at finite temperature. we show that the condensate is the goldstone boson associated with the spontaneous breaking of quark number for @xmath0. this theory undergoes a phase transition to a phase characterized by a diquark condensation. we also find that the chiral condensates are colourless, and the broken symmetry is realized in the higgs mode. in addition, we have shown that this theory is consistent with a transition to the phase transition at finite quarks.
the dipole - dipole interaction is ubiquitous in physics and for example responsible for the ever present van der waals force. it is also important for envisaged quantum computers based on atoms or ions in traps. for two d systems, we investigate two dipoles interacting d systems with macroscopic light and dark periods, and calculate the transition rates between the three types of fluorescence periods. the results are consistent with the experimental results of ref.
a cluster category is a certain 2-calabi - yau orbit category of the derived category of a hereditary abelian category. it is natural to define a certain @xmath0-cluster category in terms of certain triangles called _ exchange triangles_. we show that this category is compatible with mutation of tilting objects. in this paper, we prove that the coloured quiver of a tilting object is irreducible.
we study the phenomenology of the minimal supersymmetric @xcite extension with a continuous @xmath1 symmetry (mssm) @xcites. we show that the model is consistent with the standard model in that the light top squark is heavier than 180 gev. the model predicts a branching ratio within @xmm2 from diagrams with internal gluinos and bottom squarks in the mr model. in particular, we find that the result is within the allowed parameter space of the model.
the classical method of adding two @xmath1-bit integers takes @xxmath2 bit operations but the classical algorithm of multiplying them takes @ymath3 bit operations. in this paper we study the possibility of applying the nikhilam sutra of vedic mathematics to binary number multiplication. the algorithm is particularly efficient when both multiplicand and multiplier are near to some base (radix) power. 
for small inputs, we perform large multiplication by converting it to small multiplication along with some addition and shifting operations. for large inputs we present a new analytic three-integral distribution function that can be used as basis functions in the modeling of a van der kruit disc. 
we show how to model the kinematics of neighbouring stars in the milky way with an explicit dependence on the third integral and a realistic anisotropy in velocity dispersions. in this paper, we present some general facts about two-integral equilibrium systems and we show that they are very promising tools to model real stellar discs with the restriction that @xmath0 is a finite extent.
we study the relaxation behavior of a quantum dot (qd) tunnel coupled to a single electronic reservoir. we find that the relaxation of charge and spin is due to coulomb repulsion, which affects the occupation of only a single orbital energy level. in the case of the noninteracting case, the relaxation rate is given by rates which differ from each other due to the coupling. in this paper the relaxation rates are given by a finite variation of the energy level and the spin relaxation rate.
the b z reaction is studied in the context of a multilevel cellular automaton. the process is modeled with a cyclic cell automaton which often generates patterns similar to those found near to the final stage of the reaction. in the experiment, we show that the processes of depletion and repletion are the main components of the process and that the process of the formation of spirals and waves is the bottleneck process. this is the first time that the model has been used to describe the evolution of the system in a closed environment.
we have fitted a two-component model of ultra-high energy cosmic rays (uhecrs) to a pair of detectors. the model is a direct descendant of fly s eye, designed with bigger mirrors and finer pixels, and it fits both the electron pair-production features and the pion production feature (the gzk cutoff) in the spectrum. we show that the model fits both electron pair production features, and the photomultiplier tubes (pmts).
the geometric dynamics of elementary particles is studied in the framework of the physics geometrization of physics. it is shown, that the geometry of the proper euclidean geometry is multivariant, and that it can be used as a generalization of the classical dynamics. in this way the geometry is described in terms of the world function, which is used to describe the structure of the physical body. in the case of the real space - time geometry we consider the geometry, described by a system of partial differential equations (t - geometry), which contains the quantum constant @xmath0.
microlensing is an excellent way to search for planets in the galaxy. the first evidence of a planet around a normal star was found in macho 1998-blg-35 (4.1). we study the distribution of the circular orbital velocity at the sun s radius in the milky way. we find that the distribution function of the masers depends on the galactocentric radius, and, in particular, on the velocity dispersion tensor. in this paper, we compare the maser kinematics with the recent maser data. 
maser observations are of particular interest in astrophysics, and we find a value for the circular velocity of @xmath0 km s@xmath1 in the space of observed quantities. we have presented the first measurements of the @xmath0 reaction with polarized beam using the quasifree @xcite. the results are in agreement with previous results. we show that the analysis power is small in the region of the resonance, but is sufficient for an appropriate description of the data. [ ], ( ) + * * * 1 - 2.33 gev binned into five intervals.
we present the results of a series of observational studies of globular clusters with the refurbished hst. the results show that the luminosity function of these clusters is consistent with the expected @xmath0 versus [fe / h] trend for a model star. we also present a detailed analysis of the hst luminosity functions for the solar neighborhood field star (ngc 2420) and the solar metallicity main sequence stars (ngC 2477), and we find that the low mass lf is a smooth and systematic evolution of the luminosities of the stars.
the miri spectrometer is an integral field unit (ifu) spectrogeter that is a long - slit spectrograph that covers the wavelength range from 5 to 28.5 @xmath0 m at spectral resolving powers of a few thousand. the spectrometers are mounted on two axes and are fitted with a pair of two - dimensional mirrors. they are mounted onto a single lens with a single slit and a single mirror. in this way we obtain a high spatial resolution of the spectra and a high spectral resolving power.
we present a new form of jastrow basis functions that can be written in the same general structure as existing two - body jastrows. we demonstrate that the variational minimization of a single reference jastrower factor can be effective even when the jastro function is a single slater determinant. jastarrow basis functions are capable of capturing the full range of dynamic correlation effects, but they are not suitable for stenciling. in this paper, we discuss and discard two options based on the current laws of physics and discuss the potential of the variative principle to be used in the future.
we propose a parametrisation of the couplings of the @xmath0 couplings. we find that the coupling parameters are not uncorrelated, and that they are not in fact unrelated. the coupling parameters are in fact uncor related to the corresponding couplings, which are in general not uncarrelated. in this paper, we propose an alternative method to extract the couplains from the total event rate and from observables that make use of the detailed distribution.
we present 4d gauge theories that describe physics on curved backgrounds. the model is based on a 4d model with a @xmath0 warped background. we show that the localization profiles of the mass eigenstates in the warped background can be reproduced in terms of 4d theories. we also show that we can obtain the wave functions and gauge - symmetry breaking vacuum expectation values of the models on warped backgrounds. in addition, we show how the localization behavior of the massive modes is reproduced even for massless vector fields. in particular, we find that the wave function profiles are reproduced even with a small @xmm1 warped background, and that the scalar fields are localized even with the warped backgrounds, and the wave - function profiles can be obtained even with small @mm2 warped backgrounds.
the study of the formation and evolution of galaxies is one of the most important issues of present - day astronomy. numerical simulations of chemical enrichment of dwarf galaxies are used to investigate whether this dearth of very metal poor stars is consistent with the simple hypothesis that the gas in the milky way formed through the hierarchical accretion of a number of smaller objects. the metallicity distribution of stars in the simulated galaxy is shown to extend to slightly lower metallicities than those of the other three dsphs. in particular, we find that the formation of very old stars is not completely self - enriched in metals (i.e. that no star ever formed before the halo density profile reached a nfw shape).
we investigate the single - particle density of states (dos) of one - dimensional paramagnetic mott insulators represented by the half - filled hubbard model. the deconvolution of the dos is performed with a gaussian broadening @xmath0. ( ) ( ), ddmrg, dmrg, and ddmg, respectively. in this paper we present a method, which allows us to determine the single particle dos of a paramagnetic non - interacting system with a broadened finite - system spectrum calculated with a lorentzian kernel. in particular, we show that the dos of the non - interaction model are comparable to those of the original model. in addition, we find that there is a gap with the step - like onset of the deconvinvolution.
we investigate the non - hermitian non - quantum system without @xmath0 symmetry. we show that the wave function within the lead becomes a unidirectional plane wave at the exceptional point. in this paper, a new model is proposed, which is a semi - infinite non - non - mymitian system with the non- hermiticity arising from the on - site complex potential and non - residual absorption of wave packets. [fig1] we derive the vft thermal activation law of transition rates in bulk polymer glasses. we derive a derivation for the vfts thermal activation laws in bulk glassy systems. @xmath0 \right\ }, \label{intro1}\ ] ] which is a simple quantum mechanical rule for computing transition rates for bulk polymer glass systems. 
in mean field theory, it is shown that the vft thermal activation is the same as in flory s theory. in the empirical vft law, we present a theoretical investigation of the phenomenon of polarization squeezing generated by an ensemble of x - like 4-level atoms in an optical cavity driven by a linearly polarized field. we show that self - rotation is responsible for polarization switching and saturation leads to tristability. in the case of the linearly polarization mode, it is shown that the absorption of the atom - field coupling is a significant factor in the squeezing. in this study, we derive a simple analytical criteria for the existence of elliptically polarized solutions and show that the optical pumping induces non - linear self rotation (sr) of the orthogonal vacuum mode.
the tensor model has been studied in numerical manners by the present author @xcite. the results obtained so far in this paper are in agreement with the general relativity, and are consistent with the numerical analysis of the tensors model. a new interpretation is proposed, which is based on the assumption that the general gravity is emergent around the gaussian backgrounds in the tensorial model. in this interpretation, the general general relativity and the local gauge symmetry are in good agreement with each other.
the mystery of the dark energy / cosmological constant persists despite great efforts of particle physicists and cosmologists to find a convincing solution. we propose an alternative to a primordial quintessence field which is the time of decoupling of cmb photons ; @xmath0. for this model, we consider it to be the time when the decay else than quintessent field mainly consist of very energetic particles which will contribute to the yield of hot dark matter.
we propose a new molecular scheme based on several qcd symmetries in the @xmath0 and the @xcite limit of qcd. we show that the dynamics of the heavy meson - doubly heavy baryon molecular system predicts the existence of several heavy mesons - doubley heavy antimeson molecular partners. the eft is based on hqss, hfs, and hads, and we use the lecs we have previously fitted to obtain the potentials in every possible channel using the lippmann - schwinger equation.
we present a new photometric reduction method for the multi - aperture indexing of wide - field time - series data from the open cluster m37. the photometry is suited to investigate the effects of new calibration procedures on the photometric precision of the data set. we present the results of our photometric analysis of the mult - aperture photometry using a new multimeter - based photometry technique, called multi - lens indexing. the results are compared with the existing photometry and the new photometry.
we investigate how truncated fourier sum and its generalizations emerge naturally from superposition of several oscillations. we show how the gauss, gauss and exponential sums emerge from superpositions of classical light waves. in this paper, the results are described by complex numbers. in particular, we investigate the possibility of a quantum algorithm which can be used successfully to factorize numbers on a quantum computer with a tremendous speedup as compared to a classical computer. in addition, we show that a quantum computing parallelism can be implemented in a quantum system where superposition among several different oscillations appear.
we show that there is a computable learning algorithm in our universal setting. we show the existence of an uncomputable learning procedure for which we bound the number of samples queried as a function of the unknown correct labeling function, independently of the distribution and the target concept. in this paper, we prove that a computation algorithm in the universal setting must waste samples, even if the target labeling function is in a certain class. in addition, we demonstrate that the number and number of sample complexity of the learning algorithm is not bound by the distribution.
we study the effects of electroweak sudakov corrections on the high energy behavior of longitudinal gauge boson scattering amplitudes. we derive the effect of the electroweak logarithm resummation on the amplitude and cross section. @xmath0 we derive a new unitarity bound on higgs mass for longitudinal gauge and higgs boson measurements, which are part of standard model and can be calculated using existing techniques. at tree level the unitarity is modified to fit the standard model.
we present the results of [c i] @xmath0p@xmath2 and co @xmm3=43 observations with the atacama submillimeter telescope experiment (aste). the emission lines of the disk are consistent with those of dm tau and co, and are comparable to those of lkca 15 and tw hya. we also report the first detection of the [c i] emission from a protoplanetary disk around a t tauri star.
we investigate the effects of chemical discreteness on the behavior of the system. we study the effects due to small molecular numbers in a system with a small number of molecules. in this case, we consider the case where each @xmath0 is species - dependent, and each is a species-dependent. the effect of the discretioneness is significant. in addition, we investigate whether the system can escape from the 1 - 3 rich state. in the 2 - 4 rich state, the system is dominated by diffusion, which is a continuum description of the fluctuations.
we present the results of the kepler planet - hunting spacecraft, which has been operating for more than four decades (e.g., @xcite). we select the nine new pulsating white dwarfs in the original field of the mission and present their spectroscopic observations. the results are consistent with previous observations of the variable da white dwarf (davs), which were discovered in the kpler mission field in 2012, 2013, and 2014.
we present the results of the first census of the substellar initial mass function (imf) of the orion nebular cluster. the imf is calculated by using observations of seven nearby star clusters. we find that the ratio of stars to brown dwarfs is consistent with (1) each other and (2) having been drawn from the field star imf. in this study, we present a preliminary estimate of the likelihood of obtaining the observed ratios from an imf derived from the @xcite multi - object spectrometer on board the hubble space telescope.
we investigate the curvature effect on spin polarization in a multi - terminal bridge setup using a tight - binding framework based on green s function formalism. we show that for a simple linear conductor and a ring - like geometry, only so interaction can induce spin polarization, while absolute zero spin polarization is obtained for the linear conductor. the results are presented in a two - terminal model representation, which is based on a tight binding framework and based on the green s functions formalism, and are analyzed using two different geometries of the same material.
we present a study of anxiety in parkinson's disease ( pd ) patients with and without anxiety. the results support the hypothesis that anxiety influences attentional set - shifting and working memory performance in pd. pd patients with anxiety have higher cognitive performance on the hads - a ( tmt - a, z - score ) compared to those without anxiety, suggesting that anxiety may have a role to play in cognitive performance in the central executive and attentional systems of working memory.
the role of small non - coding rna in breast cancer cell cycle and cellular proliferation is well studied. the discovery of distinct mirnas in human breast cancer cells and human breast cell lines suggests that they may represent novel cancer therapy. mirna - specific rna are the most promising targets for cancer treatment, and may represent potential novel strategies for breast cancer therapy. in particular, mirna regulation of mammary gland tumorigenesis in the g1-s phase transition and suppression of metastasis in the breast cancer stem cell lines may provide potential novel cancer therapies. in addition, the presence of mirna in the body of the breast is a potential indication of a novel cancer treatment. 
we report on the role of pigtail catheter drainage in the management of severe ohss in patients who underwent in vitro fertilization and embryo transfer at our centre between 1999 and 2001 on both inpatient and outpatient basis. we demonstrate that the pigtails catheter is the most effective treatment modality in the treatment of severe and critical ohss. the pigtail kheter is used in the outpatient management of patients with early onset ohss and in the intensive care unit.
congenital adrenal hyperplasia ( cah ) refers to a group of autosomal recessive disorders caused by an enzyme deficiency which leads to defects in biosynthesis of steroid precursors. the clinical spectrum may vary from mild to severe form of non classical cah to classic cah. it is also known that the condition may be associated with obesity and hypertension, and that it may be related to the presence of mullerian structures with a phallic length of around 6 cm.
we investigate the anti - hyperglycemic effects of streptozotocin ( ptx ) on the production of anti - inflammatory cytokines in type 1 diabetes in mice. we demonstrate that pentoxifylline treatment can prevent the development of type 1d in mice by increasing the levels of the cyclic nucleotides cyclic adenosine monophosphate ( cgmp ) and suppress proliferation of lymphocytes induced by con a after 72 hr ( * p<0.05 ). in addition, we investigate whether ptx could prevent or attenuate the onset of diabetes in diabetic mice. in the present study, the effects of ptx on the proliferation of non - fasted mice are discussed.
we present a cross - sectional study of asthma patients treated at the clementino fraga filho university hospital in brazil. the study population was divided into two groups according to the clinical severity of asthma and the non - severe asthma ( ma ) group, comprising patients with mild intermittent or persistent asthma and those with moderate or severe asthma. we found a significant increase in the prevalence of staphylococcal toxin - specific ige antibodies in patients with severe asthma and healthy individuals.
the family needs of hospitalized patients in the neurosurgery intensive care unit of al - zahra hospital are studied. the study was performed with respect to the existing gap for a study carried out for investigating the effectiveness of nursing interventions based on the needs of the families in the special care units and their families in iran. in this study, the results showed that performing the training based on family needs in the icu, decreased the anxiety and increased their satisfaction.
in this study, the role of independent variable ( peplau ) in reducing hospital anxiety and depression is discussed. the study was conducted in the context of the need to develop new approaches in the treatment and rehabilitation of patients with cardiovascular diseases. it is shown that the role is important to establish a coherent and targeted therapeutic communication model in reducing the anxiety level in the intervention group and to solve problems and meet their needs. in addition, the study found significant differences between experimental and control groups in terms of anxiety level immediately after surgery, two and four months after surgery after adjustment for post - test scores by eliminating the effect of pre - test. in fact, the effect on the patient anxiety scores was lower than the control group.
the ha1 hemagglutinin nucleotide sequences from 26 nepal isolates and h3n2 vaccine strains were analyzed by using the superscript iii one - step rt - pcr system ( invitrogen ). the nucleotides of the ha proteins were compared with the a / wellington/3/03 vaccine strain ( a / wyoming/4/03 ) and the a/ wyomoming/3-03 vaccine strains.
we investigate the relationship between obesity and physiological dysregulation in three aging societies : the us, england, and taiwan. we find that obesity is associated with a higher biological risk and a lower biological risk compared to those in the us and england. our results are consistent with previous studies that have found that obesity in the me has a greater biological risk than in the england and englands, and that it may be due to differences in physical activity, diet, and other behavioral factors.
we analyzed 82 cases of meninges and sella floor, responsible for suppurative meningitis ( sm ) in a 22-year - old man. we found a large invasive and multidirectional prolactinoma destroying the sellar floor and filling the sphenoid sinus and the brain. the tumor size, hormonal parameters and bromocriptine dose used to reduce tumor volume and normalize prolactins.  we also found that the tumor was very large ( 68 mm  50 mm  60 mm ) and multidiirectional with an extension to the chiasm, cavernous sinuses, posterior and nasal areas.
we present results in 300 patients operated for lumbar disc herniation by destandau endospine system. the results are comparable with those obtained in previous studies. we present a series of studies of 300 patients operating for lombar disc discectomy by the standard microdiscectom system. in this study, we present the results of open vs gold standard microdural discection by the same endoscopic system. the results were compared with the results obtained in the previous study.
medical tourism is a popular and popular destination in the world. the concept of destination image is used to develop a conceptual framework for the promotion of medical tourism. it is considered that the quality of medical services is important for decision - making within the medical tourism industry, and that it is important to understand the factors which influence the perception and evaluation of the destination image. in this article a conceptual model is developed for the development of destination images and is presented in the context of tourism tourism in different countries.
we report on the role of the epidermal growth factor receptor ( egf ) 16 status in the treatment of head and neck cancers. we present evidence for the role for egf - like ligand - independent signaling in hnscc and discuss the potential role of egf-1r and egfr - targeted therapies. [ 1 ]   1   2   4   5   6   7   8   9   10   11   12  11, 12  12, 13  11. 
in the present study, we investigated the neuroprotective effect of tq against mpp - induced apoptotic cell death in primary mesencephalic cell cultures. we found that treatment of cultures with tq significantly enhanced m as it increased the red : green fluorescence ratio of jc-1 compared with mpp +-treated cultures. in parallel, we also investigated the effect of mpp on the survival rate of dopaminergic neurons.
the femoral head often leads to healing complications, while the more predictable prosthetic replacements are associated with poorer function and significant complications. the treatment of these fractures depends on the age of the patient, fracture displacement, bone quality, timing of surgery and activity level of the individual. we report a case of non - union of the neck of the femur which was graded as garden type 4 ( fig. ) after a year of fracture fixation the fracture was fixed with 3 ao 6.5  mm cannulated screws in an inverted triangle.
we present a patient with multiple lesions of gf and its response to topical tacrolimus. the disease is characterized by single or multiple, grey - brown or violaceous nodules or plaques primarily occurring on the face and occasionally at extra - facial sites. we present the patient with a 5 year history of single, grey- brown, and multiple, gray - brown, nodules and plaques over the left cheek and upper back. in addition, we observe eosinophils in skin biopsy and compare the results to previous reports.
we performed a surgical procedure to clean the inflamed region in his mouth. we found that bone absorption had nearly reached the right inferior alveolar canal, and a ring of sequestrum was present under tooth 47 ( fig. 1 ). the patient was hospitalized in the department of haematology ward because of significant anaemia and decreased platelet numbers. on 3 january 2013, he died from acute blastic crisis of myelomonocytic leukaemia.
in a recent issue of critical care, we presented a series of 13 patients undergoing post - cardiotomy extracorporeal membrane oxygenation ( ecmo ) with bivalirudin - based anticoagulation. we presented the results of this series of 14 patients undergoing the ecmo with a minimal degree of intracardiac thrombus formation due to blood stagnation in the circuit. [ 1 ]   1   2
we present a prospective study of 64-slice coronary angiography using 64 -slice echography. the study included 113 consecutive subjects who underwent coronary cta with a single breath - hold with a retrospective electrocardiogram ( ecg - gating ). we compare the efficacy of this technique with those obtained with previous studies of 32-slice ct and echo lvef. in this prospective study, we find that the software is user - friendly and capable of providing good reproducibility for the analysis of lv volume and function.
the bacterium moraxella catarrhalis is a gram - negative, aerobic diplococcus human mucosal pathogen which causes middle ear infections in infants and children [ 13 ], and it is one of the three major causes of otitis media along with streptococcus pneumonia and haemophilus influenzae. it is also a potential candidate for the development of a new, safe, and effective anti - inflammatory drug to replace the use of the harmful crude plant material.
an infected aortic aneurysm with an infected thoracic aorta was diagnosed with an anca - associated vasculitis. the patient had a history of orbital mucosa - associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma, which was in remission after treatment with methylprednisolone pulse therapy ( 500 mg / day ) for three days. we report an unusual case of infected descending aortac pseudoaneurysm ( pr3-anca ) with luminal pathognomonic oscillating vegetation and with serological findings mimicking pr3 -anca -associated vasculis.
we investigated the effect of vitamin d on endometriosis in a double - blind, randomized clinical trial. we compared the serum and peritoneal levels of 25-dihydroxy vitamin d with high - performance liquid chromatography. the serum level of 25 hydroxy vitamin d was 24.914.8 ng / ml and 20.411.8, respectively ( p=0.05 ), and the severity of dysmenorrhea and pelvic pain were estimated using a visual analogue scale test ( vas test ).
a study of apical microleakage at the dentin / sealer interface was performed. it was shown that the presence of gaps at the root canal filling materials and the presence of gaps were significant when compared to the previous observation of gaps in the apical sealer and sealer interfaces, as the latter had a significant effect on apical microleaking and gap formation. in addition, a statistical analysis was performed to evaluate the effect of the association of epiphany primer and ah plus / gutta - percha with the absence of gap.
neonatal diabetes mellitus ( pndm ) is a monogenic form of diabetes that presents within the first 6 months of life. the condition is characterized by a novel heterozygous mutation in the kcnj11 gene encoding the subunit kir6.2, c.556c > g ( p.his186asp ), which induces the closure of katp channels that lead to insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells. we report a case of neonatal diabetics with kcnjs11 mutation in a novel form of the knt11 gene whose treatment was successfully transitioned from insulin to oral sulfonylurea.
in this study, we examined spot urine il-18 levels in comparison with urine il -18 levels following radiocontrast agent administration. we found a weak positive correlation between precontrast 24 h and postcontrast 25 h after radioconontrast administration, suggesting that it may be an earlier parameter for identifying acute kidney injury. in contrast with nonionic iso - osmolar contrast agents, nonionic low osmol contrast agents on renal tubules are important for early detection of acute renal failure ( arf ).
in this prospective study, hyaluronic acid was applied to the surface of polystyrene plates containing polymethylmethacrylate intraocular lenses ( iols ) in order to prevent bacterial adhesion and biofilm formation. the effect of hyaluronan - containing hydrogels on the growth of biofilm cells on the surface was investigated. it was found that the effect on biofilm forming was significantly reduced in the study group compared with the control group.
in the present study, a short term cross - sectional study was undertaken to detect the incidence of mdr, xdr, and pandrug - resistant ( pdr ) bacteria in a tertiary care hospital of central india. the study was carried out in a primary care hospital in the department of microbiology. in the study, mdr and xdr strains were isolated from different clinical isolates. pdr strains are classified as mdr ( xdr ), xr ( xr ), and pdr. 
we present a study on ureteroceles in a 5-year - old female child. we find that tc - dtpa scan is useful in the evaluation of renal function in patients with known ureteraceles. in our case, we found that the photopenia in the ub on tc - dimercapto succinic acid ( dmsa ) scan was the best imaging modality for making the diagnosis. the dmsas scan was able to detect vur in 13 out of 17 patients ( 33% ).
the study evaluated the impact of vertebral fractures on the quality of life in older women aged 65 years or older using the so paulo ageing & health study ( spah ). the study was performed in 55 outpatient women divided into three groups : 1- women without osteoporosis and no vertebral fracture, 2- women with osteopenia, and 3-women with osteopyrophy ( optqol ). in the first study, we found that the presence or absence of a fracture was related to worse quality of health in older, community - dwelling women, independent of other factors such as bmi and physical activity.
in our institution, endometrial sampling is an effective and acceptable method for obtaining endometri samples for histopathological assessment. the method of sampling is comparable to that of the explora model i - mx120, but the method is less expensive and comparably accurate to conventional dilatation and curettage. it is also possible to compare the adequacy of samples obtained with different endometricrial sampling techniques and devices.  * * *    * * * 1 * * 2 * * 3 * * 4 * 
we present a study of a microfossil system of late miocene age, which originates along the juru river, ne eirunep, and is overlain by a series of crevasse splay and/or channel fills. we find that there is no evidence for a long - lived  lake ( sensu gorthner, 1994 ) or any marine influx. [ 1 ] ( 2 ), ( 3 )
incidental adrenal enlargement has become a common clinical problem in china. the prevalence of the condition is increasing, and it is accompanied by diverse clinical factors that require proper diagnostic evaluation and management. in the present study, we present a retrospective study of 578 patients with adrenal imaging features showing adrenal hyperplasia. aldosterone - rennin ratio ( arr ) > 20 was found to be the risk factor for primary hyperaldosteronism ( pa ).
in this study, we try to raise families health knowledge about infectious diseases by using childish poems. the results of this study are presented in a pilot study on a 40 participant sample and show that parents have done better in post - test about all topics except one. we show that the outcome of transferring health knowledge through childish poems and teaching children at kindergartens has been assessed in this method.  in addition, parents have had acceptable information about brucellosis transmitted via unpasteurized milk and yogurt.
we report an unusual case of septic arthritis of left gleno - humeral joint in an immunocompromised patient with a history of pain and limited range of motion in his left shoulder. the case highlights the importance of maintaining high index of suspicion for septic rheumatic arthritis of the shoulder in the setting of suspected septic arthroscopic debridement. we report a case of a 43 years old man presenting with atypical shoulder pain and stiffness of non - functional joint.
we describe an uncommon late biliary complication that occurred after a split - liver   transplantation procedure for a child and an adult ( adult split liver ttransplantation, a / p slt ). the patient was treated by a conventional a / pp slt with in situ technique providing the left lateral segment and leaving the right lobe graft ( segment i - iv - v - vi - vii - viii ) for an adult recipient. we describe the efficacy of biliary duct ablation by n - butyl cyanoacrylate ( nbca ) in obliteration of isolated segmental bile ducts in four cases.
in recent years, several studies have investigated the role of rr in the treatment of locally advanced cervical cancer. the most recent studies have focused on the efficacy of hu plus radiotherapy in combination with cisplatin and r2. these studies have shown that the response of r2 to ir is a significant mechanism of action in the response to ir, with a significant increase in r2 activity in the early responders and a significant decrease in dna damage. in addition, the results of these studies are consistent with those of previous studies.
we present a simple and efficient method for the dissection of mouse hind long bones and subsequent bone marrow isolation. the technique is suitable for many downstream applications, including flow cytometry and bone scoring. it is also suitable for the study of osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, scoliosis, and pathologic fracture. in addition, the centrifugation method preserves the high structural and cellular integrity of the bones and bone marrow and has low handling time, minimizing the likelihood of user - induced fracture or bone scoring that may influence downstream analyses.
tuberculosis ( tb ) is a major health issue in developing countries with over two billion people being infected with tuberculosis bacilli world wide ( 1 ). although tb was recently regarded primarily as a disease of the developing countries it is now also on the increase in developed countries such as the united kingdom, mainly as a result of globalisation as well as an increase in immunosuppressed patients. the incidence of tb in the uk is increasing by 5.5% in 2009 when compared to those in 2008 ( 2 ).
the value of the ketogenic diet ( kd ) has been recognized in the treatment of epilepsy, although the exact mechanisms by which it exerts its effect remain an enigma. it is suggested that the kd influences toward an upregulation of transcripts encoding energy metabolism enzymes and increase in the density of mitochondria in neuronal process, leading to heightened energy reserves. the effects of the increased amount of ketone bodies on cognition, alertness, and mood are well known, and clinical experience has shown that the effects on brain tumor growth are consistent with other suggested antiepileptic mechanisms.
the mid - tracheal level, which is considered the optimal depth of ett, can be predicted by the surface distance between the cuff and the ssn ( extcc - ssn ). this method can be used to predict the mid- trachea level in adults, especially in females. the mid level of et can be determined by the distance between suprasternal notch and the carina in the neutral neck position. in addition, the surface distances from the cricoid cartilage to the suprasinternal notch can be calculated to determine the optimal insertion depth.
we investigate the ethical implications of donation to stem cell research. we find that in the case of embryos that are not used for research, the motivation for donating is a different one. the motivation to donate is different from that of donating to research, but the motivation is the same. in both the chinese and swiss studies, the motivations for donating are different, and the motivations are different. in the u.k. study, i.e., the reasons for donating to stem cells research are different from those of the swiss study.
the etiology of hereditary endocrine neoplasia ( mtc ) is discussed. it is shown that mutations in the ret proto - oncogene ( tk2 ) in the extracellular domain of the ret tyrosine kinase receptor ( fmtc ) can lead to the early onset of aggressive metastatic mtc in all affected individuals, typically during the first year of life. in this review, we discuss the role of ret mutations in mtc and discuss the potential role of the genotypephenotype correlations to predict phenotype. we also discuss the importance of clinical testing for mtc.
we present a complete 3d framework for updating multimodal images with respect to surgical brain deformations. the model is deformed using a linear finite element model, and is used to model the deformation of the brain and the reformation of its internal tumor region boundary. we show that the model can be deformed in accordance with the displacement fields of the two imr images, and can be used for reformation modeling of the entire - brain region boundary and to model brain shift and resection.
we review prospective studies of the anti - tumor effects of n-3 pufa in the treatment of colorectal cancer using fat-1 transgenic mice. we find that n- 3 pufas may be beneficial for the prevention and treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease ( gi ) and other gi cancers, and are the most recent studies on the role of the n-4 pufac in the prevention of gi cancer.
46xy dsd is a rare condition characterized by ambiguous female genitalia and characterized by the absence of testicular tissue. the condition is caused by the disruption of various enzymes involved in the process of androgen synthesis. in this study, 46xy is characterized by a wide spectrum of phenotypes associated with ambiguous genitalia, including male and female genitals, asymmetric hypospadias, and elevated gonadotropin levels. it is also characterized by an absence of the testis. in 46xy, the diagnosis of 46xy has been confirmed by a multidisciplinary approach.
we chronologically assessed the source, patient demographics, and antimicrobial susceptibilities of mrsa - positive isolates from the hospital and community setting over a 5-year period in university hospital waterford  a tertiary referral hospital with the primary microbiology laboratory for 4 acute hospitals. we investigated the source and patient demographics and antimicrobials susceptibility profiles of the isolates and compared them with those from other institutions. the source of mra bacteriuria in urine samples was found to be a multidrug - resistant strain with a high rate of post - procedure bacteremia and sepsis.
we present a case of aae in a patient with known lymphoplasmacytic disorder. the patient had a history of recurrent severe abdominal pain mimicking an acute surgical abdomen, with a target appearance indicating bowel wall edema. we describe a case in which the patient developed a complete, recurrent, recurrent and prolonged major abdominal pain, with spontaneous resolution within 15  days. in this case, aae is a rare disorder which can be treated with c1q and anti - c1inh antibodies.
the overall and comparative clinico - radiological outcomes of surgical treatment of lateral clavicle fractures associated with partial and complete coracoclavicular ligament disruption are studied. the clinical outcomes are similar to those of other studies that have analyzed joint - spanning and joint - sparing implants. a significant difference in fracture patterns was observed in the fracture patterns of fracture and comminution in the study group, and in the overall outcomes of the overall study group. in addition, fracture patterns were found to be consistent with other studies.
a 68-year - old woman visited the clinic with the chief complaints of pain, swelling, and a warm sensation in her left thigh for over 2 days prior to her visit. the patient had undergone a left bipolar hemiarthroplasty in the common femoral vein and was wearing compression stockings to prevent the occurrence of a deep vein thrombosis due to the fracture and operation per se. in the current case report, the patient exhibited clinical symptoms and signs of a postoperative infection due to excessive blood viscosity.