Gene expression varies widely between individuals of a population, and regulatory change can underlie phenotypes of evolutionary and biomedical relevance. A key question in the field is how DNA sequence variants impact gene expression, with most mechanistic studies to date focused on the effects of genetic change on regulatory regions upstream of protein-coding sequence. By contrast, the role of RNA 3′-end processing in regulatory variation remains largely unknown, owing in part to the challenge of identifying functional elements in 3′ untranslated regions. In this work, we analyzed the expression effects of 3′ end processing in lymphoblastoid cells from genetically distinct human individuals. Our analysis revealed that the 3′ trans-acting factor IRF5, which controls transcription initiation and translation at 3′ ends, is a key determinant of expression variation across individuals. We found that 3′ regulatory elements that control expression of these 3′ transcript forms were significant predictors of expression levels of the genes in which they lay. Our results suggest that the strategy of integrating 3′ transcriptional elements into 3′ UTRs will prove to be a critical tool in continued efforts to interpret human genome variation.
The live attenuated simian immunodeficiency virus ( LASIV ) vaccine SIVΔnef is one of the most effective vaccines in inducing protection against wild-type lentiviral challenge, yet little is known about the mechanisms underlying its remarkable protective efficacy. Here, we exploit deep sequencing technology and comprehensive CD8 T cell epitope mapping to deconstruct the CD8 cell response, to identify the regions of immune pressure and viral escape, and to delineate the effect of epitope escape on the evolution of the CD 8 T cell response. We demonstrate that the initial CD8 t cell response in the acute phase of infection is mounted predominantly against more variable epitopes, followed by widespread sequence evolution and viral escapes. Furthermore, we show that epitope escapes expands the CD7 T cell repertoire that targets highly conserved epitopes and generates de novo responses to the escaped epitope variants during the vaccination period. These results provide new insights into the mechanism of SIV-specific immunity maturation and provide new insight into the mechanisms of the protection induced by SIV.
Mucosal infections with Candida albicans are among the most common forms of fungal diseases. The epithelium is the first point of contact between the fungus and the host, and it provides an important physical barrier to prevent invasion of the fungus in the oral mucosa. In this study, we show that interleukin-1 receptor ( IL-1R ) signaling is critical for fungal control at the onset of infection through its impact on neutrophils at two levels. We demonstrate that both the recruitment of circulating neutrophil chemokines to the site of infection and the mobilization of newly generated neutrophiles from the bone marrow depended on IL- 1R. Consistently, IL-2R-deficient mice displayed impaired chemokine production at the site and defective secretion of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor ( G-CSF ) in the circulation in response to C. albican infection. Strikingly, endothelial cells were identified as the primary cellular source of G- CSF during OPC, which responded to IL-3α. These data demonstrate that IL-4 signaling is essential for the neutrophile response in the mucosa, and thus protects the host from disease.
Lymphatic Filariasis ( LF ) is one of the world's most debilitating and widespread tropical diseases. In the last 8 years of the GPELF, more than 1. 9 billion treatments were administered to nearly 600 million individuals via annual mass drug administration ( MDA ) of anti-filarial drugs ( albendazole, ivermectin, diethylcarbamazine ) to all at-risk individuals in 83 endemic countries. Quantifying the resulting economic benefits of this significant achievement is important not only to justify the resources invested in the GP ELF but also to more fully understand the Programme's overall impact on some of the poorest endemic populations. To calculate the economic benefits, the number of clinical manifestations averted was first quantified and the savings associated with this disease prevention then analyzed in the context of direct treatment costs, indirect costs of lost-labor, and costs to the health system to care for affected individuals. Multiple data sources were reviewed, including published literature and databases from the World Health Organization, International Monetary Fund, and International Labour Organization An estimated US$21. 8 billion of direct economic benefits will be gained over the lifetime of 31. 4 million individuals treated during the first 8 years. MDA for LF offers significant economic benefits to the public health systems of endemic countries, including those in the developing world.
Gaucher disease ( GD ) is the most common lysosomal storage disease and is characterized by hepatosplenomegaly, cytopenia, and skeletal disease. In addition, it has been reported that GBA mutations cause neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson’s disease ( PD ). In this study, we generated GBA-/- medaka that are completely deficient in glucocerebrosidase ( GCase ) activity. We found that the GBA mutant medaka survived for months, enabling us to study the pathological progression of neuronopathic GD in medaka. Furthermore, we found that α-syn accumulation is a downstream event, and that the lack of GCase activity is a major factor in the pathogenesis of PD. We also found that in GBA medaka, the accumulation of GCases in axons was not associated with PD. These findings provide a new platform for developing treatments in PD with GCase deficiency.
Listeria monocytogenes is a facultative intracellular pathogen capable of inducing a robust cell-mediated immune response to sub-lethal infection. The capacity of L. monocytic to escape from the phagosome and enter the host cell cytosol is paramount for the induction of long-lived CD8 T cell–mediated protective immunity. Here, we show that the impaired T cell response to L. Monocytogenices confined within a phagosomes is not merely a consequence of inefficient antigen presentation, but is the result of direct suppression of the adaptive response. This suppression limited not only the adaptive responses to vacuole-confined L. m-OVA, but negated the response to bacteria within the cytosolic cytosole. We also show that infection with L. macrophages is not only a consequence to inefficient antigen presentations, but also of the presence of bacteria in the cytosaol. We demonstrate that the absence of bacteria within a cytosome can directly impact the innate and adaptive immune response by antagonizing the signaling pathways necessary for inflammation and the generation of protective CD8 cells.
Primary open-angle glaucoma ( POAG ) is the most common cause of blindness worldwide and is a complex trait with multigenic inheritance. Genome-wide association studies have previously identified a significant genetic association between POAG and the SIX6 locus ( rs10483727, odds ratio ( OR ) = 1. 32, p = 4. 2×10−11 ). We have identified multiple variants in human SIX5 that alter the function of SIX1 and SIX2. These variants have been associated with a reduced number of retinal ganglion cells, thereby increasing the risk of glaucea-associated vision loss. We also identified a novel variant within the Six6 enhancer, Asn141His ( rs33912345 ), which was associated significantly with POAG. These findings suggest that SIX7 risk variants may play a role in the development of the neural retina, leading to a reduction in the number of neurons that are lost during the normal aging process.
In the human intestinal pathogen Clostridium difficile, flagella promote adherence to intestinal epithelial cells. Flagellar gene expression also indirectly impacts production of the glucosylating toxins, which are essential to diarrheal disease development. Thus, factors that regulate the expression of the flagellars operon will likely impact toxin production in addition to flagelar motility. Here, we report the identification of a “flagellary switch” that controls the phase variable production of flagelli and glucosidating toxins. The flagellingar switch, located upstream of the FlgB operon containing the early stage and toxin genes, is a 154 bp invertible sequence flanked by 21 bp inverted repeats. We show that the flagesllar switch is responsible for inversion at the flgB switch in both directions. We also show that this switch is reversible during growth in vitro and during infection of mice.
Endosporulation is an ancient bacterial cell differentiation program that culminates with the formation of a highly resistant cell, the endospore. In the model organism Bacillus subtilis, gene expression in the forespore and in the mother cell is regulated by RNA polymerase sigma subunits. The sporulation sigma factors, which are activated at the onset of development, require the preceding factor. In this study, we have studied the function and regulation of the sporulation Sigma factors in the intestinal pathogen Clostridium difficile, an obligate anaerobe. We show that the activity of the sigma factor is not dependent on σF, but rather on the activation of σG and σK. We also show that σE is not strictly required for heat resistant spore formation.
Multisite phosphorylation is a process that involves the activation of a protein by its individual sites. The activation of the protein by the individual sites is concerted and redundant, and the activity of the proteins in the cell is regulated by a number of variables, including the number of phosphorylated sites. In this paper we describe a simple mechanistic approach for modeling multisite proteins using a single auxiliary variable. We show that this mechanism can be used to model a complex system of multisite systems, such as the Monod-Wyman-Changeux allosteric model or rule-based models. We also show that the mechanism to read the signal, and an all-or-none response triggered only when the signal reaches a threshold indicating that sufficient growth has occurred.
Quorum sensing ( QS ) enables bacterial multicellularity and selective advantage for communicating populations. While genetic “switching” phenomena are a common feature, their mechanistic underpinnings have remained elusive. Here, we show that the interplay between circuit components and their regulation are intertwined and embedded. Observable phenotypes are complex and context dependent. We employed a combination of experimental work and mathematical models to decipher network connectivity and signal transduction in the autoinducer-2 ( AI-2 ) quorum sensing system of E. coli. Negative and positive feedback mechanisms were examined by separating the network architecture into sub-networks. A new unreported negative feedback interaction was hypothesized and tested via a simple mathematical model. We show that this interaction is a “bottom-up” approach to study the network and its interactions with the cellular network.
Schistosomiasis is a parasitic parasite that is transmitted by the parasite Plasmodium haematobium. It is the dominant malaria parasite in sub-Saharan Africa. It has been shown that schistosoma is associated with a high prevalence of P. falciparum infection. However, the effect of helminths on malaria infection is not clearly elucidated yet and the scarce findings are conflicting. In this study, we investigated the effect and prevalence of Schistosomas infection, considering soil-transmitted helminth ( STH ) ), on prevalence and incidence of plasmodia infection. We found that schismosoma infection increases the risk of plasmosoma in children aged from 6 to 10-years-old, and that STH enhances the risk for plasmonth infection. Our results suggest that schistsoma infection enhances the susceptibility of children to plasminth infections.
Visceral leishmaniasis ( VL ) is a potentially lethal disease caused by Leishmania donovani and L. infantum/chagasi. VL is characterized by persistent infection of the spleen and by immunodeficiency during the chronic stage. In this study, we demonstrate that the inflammatory response induced by L. donovANI is mainly induced by the transcription factor IRF-5. IRF5 is responsible for the activation of several genes encoding key pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as IL-6 and TNF. We also show that IRF 5-mediated inflammation in DCs is mainly regulated by the expression of a transcription factor IL-5, a cytokine that is involved in regulating CD8+ T cell expansion. Furthermore, we show that the activation and maintenance of IL-1α in DC is largely mediated by IRF–5. Thus, induction of HIF-5-mediated cytokine induction in dendritic cells may represent a major immune evasive mechanism adopted by some pathogens to establish chronic infection.
Visceral leishmaniasis ( VL ) is one of the most neglected diseases in the world, closely associated with poverty and disease management. In Brazil, VL is a serious public health problem in endemic regions, especially in the Indian sub-continent, in North and East Africa, and in South America. The lack of reliable prognostic models for VL was a major limitation in the study of VL. In this review, we analyzed the data from 14 studies conducted in Latin America, and identified the most consistent predictor variables. The limitations of the existing knowledge, the advances achieved and the approaches to be used in future research are presented. The results of this review provide a reliable source of information for the identification of risk factors of adverse prognosis and mortality in VL and should be used as an aid in decision-making in clinical practice.
Leishmania is a vector-borne disease that is endemic in Algeria. In Algeria, the treatment of visceral and cutaneous leishmanioses ( VL and CL ) has been and continues to be based on antimony-containing drugs. It is suspected that high drug selective pressure might favor the emergence of chemoresistant parasites. Although treatment failure is frequently reported during antimonial therapy of both CL and VL, antimony resistance has never been thoroughly investigated in Algeria. Determining the level of antimony susceptibility, amongst Leishmania isolates in Algeria, is of great importance for the development of public health policies. In addition, an outbreak of cutaneous and visceral leishmania ( CL ) caused by L. killicki ( syn L. tropica ) and transmitted by Phlebotomus sergenti was detected in 2005 in the province of Ghardaia. The epidemiological cutoff ( ECOFF ) that allowed us to differentiate between Leishmaniases causing CL and CL from those causing CL was 23. 83 μg/mL and 15. 91 μg/ mL for VL. The computed IC50 cutoff values were 23. 84 μg/L and 15. 91 μg-mL for CL, respectively. These results highlight the need for the future implementation of an effective methodology to detect the emergence and prevent the dissemination of drug-resistant strains.
Infectious gastroenteritis ( CD ) is a chronic inflammatory condition that is characterized by changes in the microbial composition at the intestinal surface. In this study, we show that CD is a highly infectious disease caused by Salmonella Typhimurium, a bacterial pathobiont linked to CD. We show that the host environment that induces CD is the same as that that that of Salmonellium, which is associated with CD. The host environment in the post-infectious period after infection with CD is also a highly inflammatory environment. We also show that in the case of CD, the host is immune to host defense peptides and a fulminant inflammatory response to the enteric pathogen. Our results suggest that individuals colonized by AIEC at the time of acute infectious gastroenterinitis may be at greater risk for CD onset. Importantly, our data identify AIEC as a tractable disease modifier, a finding that could be exploited in the development of therapeutic interventions following infectious diarrhoea in at-risk individuals.
In flowering plants, the egg and sperm cells form within haploid gametophytes ( Figure 1 ). The egg and the sperm cells are fertilized by one sperm cell each to form the embryo and the surrounding endosperm, respectively. The female gamete of Arabidopsis consists of two gametic cells, the sperm cell and the central cell, which are flanked by five accessory cells. Both gametic and accessory cells are vital for fertilization; however, the mechanisms that underlie the formation of accessory versus gametic cell fate are unknown. In a screen for regulators of egg cell fate, we isolated the lachesis ( lis ) mutant which forms supernumerary egg cells. LIS expression is homologous to the yeast splicing factor PRP4, indicating that components of the splice apparatus participate in cell fate decisions.
The role of footwear in protection against a range of Neglected Tropical Diseases ( NTDs ) is gaining increasing attention. Better understanding of the behaviors that influence use of footwear will lead to improved ability to measure shoe use and will be important for those implementing footwear programs. Using the PRECEDE-PROCEED model we assessed social, behavioral, environmental, educational and ecological needs influencing whether and when children wear shoes in a rural highland Ethiopian community endemic for podoconiosis. We identified several barriers to shoe wearing that are amenable to intervention and which we anticipate will be of benefit to those considering shoe distribution.
The pseudorabies virus ( PRV ) Us9 protein plays a central role in targeting viral capsids and glycoproteins to axons of dissociated sympathetic neurons. As a result, we found that Us9 is associated with lipid rafts, and that this association is critical to Us9-mediated sorting of viral proteins. However, it is unclear how Us9 promotes axonal sorting of so many viral proteins in the mammalian nervous system. We used infected non-polarized and polarized PC12 cells, a rat pheochromocytoma cell line that acquires many of the characteristics of sympathetic neurons in the presence of nerve growth factor ( NGF ). In these cells, Us9 was highly enriched in detergent-resistant membranes ( DRMs ). We found that reducing the affinity of Us9 for lipid raft proteins inhibited anterograde transmission of infection from sympathetic neurons to epithelial cells in vitro. We conclude that association of Us 9 with lipid motifs is key for efficient targeting of structural proteins to axon and, as a consequence, for directional spread of PRV from pre-synaptic to post-synsynaptic neurons and cells of the mammalian system.
Nongenetic heterogeneity is a phenomenon that occurs when cells differ in gene activity, growth rate and stress tolerance. In this study, we show that the Ras/cAMP/protein kinase A ( PKA ) pathway and its target transcription factors, Msn2 and Msn4, underlies this nongenetics. We show here that the PKA pathway underlies the nongensetic heterogeneity in growth rate, growth and stress-tolerance. We also show that in the absence of PKA, the cells that are deficient in respiration are more susceptible to acute heat stress. We conclude that this heterogeneity is due to the presence of two genes that are involved in regulating growth rate in the same cell culture.
Chikungunya virus ( CHIKV ), an alphavirus and member of the Togaviridae family, is capable of causing severe febrile disease in humans. In December of 2013 the Asian Lineage of CHikV spread from the Old World to the Americas, spreading rapidly throughout the New World. Given this new emergence in naïve populations, we used deep-sequencing technologies coupled with well-established bioinformatics pipelines to characterize the viral genetic diversity present in infected individuals. We identified novel variants and structural elements present in the infected individuals, as well as a novel 3’ untranslated region ( UTR ) structure, not previously found in nature, that led to increased replication in insect cells. These findings highlight the need to continue viral diversity surveillance over time as this epidemic evolves in order to understand the evolutionary potential of this virus.
The mTOR signaling pathways regulate cell metabolism, growth, proliferation and survival. MTOR signaling is regulated by a number of proteins and is involved in multiple human diseases. Here, we identify UBTOR, a previously unannotated gene, as a functional player in regulating cell growth and mTOR signalling. Reduction of UBTor function in cultured hippocampal neurons and PC12 cells promotes neurite outgrowth. UBTO depletion promotes tumor growth and promotes mTOR expression in a xenograft mouse model. Ubtor depletion promotes m TOR signaling and promotes neoplasia in a zebrafish model. We also show that UBTORS is a key regulator of mTOR activity. U BTOR is a component of the mTOR complex DEPTOR, and ubtor gene disruption in the zebra fish increases mTOR activation and promotes neurodevelopment. These results demonstrate how Ubtor regulates cell growth, growth and neoplastic via mTOR signal.
Trypanosoma brucei is the causative agent of the fatal human African trypanosomiasis ( HAT ), also known as sleeping sickness, and the economically devastating disease Nagana in cattle. Protein-protein interactions are highly informative about protein function, but a global map of protein interactions and complexes is still lacking for these important human parasites. Here, benefiting from in-depth biochemical fractionation, we systematically interrogated the co-complex interactions of more than 3354 protein groups in procyclic life stage of Trypanosa bruceis, the protozoan parasite responsible for human African Trypanosomyiasis. Using a rigorous methodology, our analysis led to identification of 128 high-confidence complexes encompassing 716 protein groups, including 635 protein groups that lacked experimental annotation. These complexes correlate well with known pathways as well as for proteins co-expressed across the T. bruceii life cycle, and provide potential functions for a large number of previously uncharacterized proteins. We validated the functions of several novel proteins associated with the RNA-editing machinery, identifying a candidate potentially involved in the mitochondrial post-transcriptional regulation of T. Brucei. Our data provide an unprecedented view of the protein complex map of T, and serve as a reliable resource for further characterization of trypanomatid proteins.
Tuberculosis ( Mtb ) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in the world, and it is estimated that 2. 3 billion people worldwide are infected with Mtb. Lymph nodes ( LNs ) are among the most common sites of extrapulmonary Mycobacterium tuberculosis ( MtB ) infection, and thoracic LNs are frequently infected in humans, bacterial dynamics and the effect of Mtb infection in LN structure and function is relatively unstudied. Here, we show that Mtb grows to the same level in cynomolgus macaques and rhesus macaque LNs, however, the presence of live bacteria in LNs at necropsy is not associated with increased LN infection. We also show that LNs have different trajectories ( increasing, maintaining, decreasing in PET activity over time ) even within the same animal. These data suggest that LNs are important sites of antigen presentation and immune activation, but also serve as important sites for the persistence of significant Mtb bacilli. These findings suggest that the LNs can be used as niches for Mtb, and that the Mtb infection is not only a dynamic process but also an underappreciated intra-lymph node niche.
Microsporidia are fungi-related intracellular pathogens that may infect virtually all animals, but are poorly understood. The nematode Caenorhabditis elegans has recently become a model host for studying microsporidian infections in nematodes. We have identified a new species, Nematocida parisii, that is the most common microspora infection in C. elegans, and we have identified six new species in the genus. These new species are the most closely related to Nematocytozoon bieneusi and Vittaforma corneae, and are the first to infect the intestinal cells of C. elegans. These newly isolated species illustrate the diversity and ubiquity of microspiridia infections in the wild. We also show that N. ausubeli fails to strongly induce the transcription of genes that are induced by other nematocytosis species, suggesting that N. parisi has evolved mechanisms to prevent induction of this host response.
Chemokine receptors ( GPCRs ) are a group of G protein coupled receptors that are involved in the targeted migration of cells belonging to the immune system. The chemokine receptor CXCR4, CCR5, and CCR2 are closely related to the chemokines of the GPCR family, and their interaction with the membrane is important for their function. However, the interaction between chemokin receptors and the interaction with cholesterol is limited. Here, we report the first structural data for chemokina receptor heterodimerization of CX CR4 and the CCR4/CCR2 heterodimers. We show that the homo- and heterodimal homodimerizations of the CXC4/CCR5 heterodemers are similar, yet they differed significantly between the two receptors and their interplay with cholesterol modulated the receptor interface in a subtype-specific manner. These findings provide a structural overview of the complex interaction network between chemocompromised receptors and suggest that the interaction of chemokino receptors with the lipid bilayers is important to the development of new drugs.
Systemic leishmaniasis has been known to present with prolonged fever, hepatosplenomegaly and wasting. Beside this classical form, a sub-clinical form has been identified. It is described with either one or two of the above symptoms missing; other findings have been reported instead, such as lymphadenopathy and anemia. In this report, we reveal a third unsuspected form which we are referring to as “atypical”. Patients suspected to be immune-deficient were referred to our immunology specialized laboratory to study some aspects of their immune functions ( not normally covered in the general laboratory ). Multiple specialized tests were performed, including microscopic examinations using appropriate stains, and mainly cultures of biopsies on several types of specialized media. These findings alerted us to the fact that systemic leishmania presents with a much wider spectrum of signs and symptoms than so far suspected and is far more common than diagnosed to date. Furthermore, among these 31 patients was a number of adults. This proved that in our area systemic leismaniasis is surely not limited to the pediatric age group.
The millions of mutations and polymorphisms that occur in human populations are potential predictors of disease, of our reactions to drugs, of predisposition to microbial infections, and of age-related conditions such as impaired brain and cardiovascular functions. However, predicting the phenotypic consequences and eventual clinical significance of a sequence variant is not an easy task. Computational approaches have found perturbation of conserved amino acids to be a useful criterion for identifying variants likely to have phenotypes. To our knowledge, however, no study to date has explored the potential of variants that occur at homologous positions within paralogous human proteins as a means of identifying polymorphisms with likely phenotype or disease-causing consequences. In order to investigate the potential and potential of this approach, we have assembled a unique collection of known and unknown variants from OMIM and the Human Genome Mutation Database ( HGMD ) and used them to identify and characterize pairs of sequence variants. Our analyses demonstrate that the locations of variants are correlated with the locations in paralogs. Moreover, if one member of a variant-pair is not themselves yet associated with any disease, its partner is likely to be disease--caused as well. Our results suggest that a hybrid approach to in silico SNP characterization might be useful for the identification of potentially disease-citing variants.
The malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum is the leading cause of fatal malaria and is responsible for over 400, 000 deaths annually. The parasite is also responsible for the death of over 400, 000 people annually, primarily in sub-Saharan Africa. The malaria parasite is exposed to multiple selection pressures, but the extent to which the parasite responds to—or is selected by—this environment remains unclear. From previous studies, the parasites that cause severe malaria appear to increase expression of a restricted but poorly defined subset of the PfEMP1 variant, surface antigens. PfEMP proteins are major targets of protective immunity. Here, we used RNA sequencing ( RNAseq ) to analyse gene expression in 44 parasite isolates that caused severe and uncomplicated malaria in Papuan patients. The transcriptomes of 19 parasites were analyzed using RNAseq. The expression of PfEMP 1 was associated with severe malaria, but it was not associated with a severe disease. We found that PfEMP2 is a highly conserved protein that is involved in the sequestration of erythrocytes in the microvasculature. These findings suggest that the parasite may be selected by the host environment in severe malaria. We also identified novel associations between disease severity and PfEMP3 transcripts, domains, and smaller sequence segments and also confirmed all previously reported associations between expressed PfEMP4 sequences and severe disease in the same population.
Adeno-associated virus ( AAV ) vectors are a promising approach for the prevention of HIV-1 infection in people. We used AAV vector intramuscularly to deliver anti-SIV monoclonal antibodies ( mAbs ) in IgG1 form to rhesus monkeys. We found that the antibodies delivered by AAV were highly neutralizing, and that the immune response to the injected antibodies was strong. We also found that antibodies delivered from AAV vectors were able to neutralize the challenge virus. These antibodies were also able to prevent the transmission of the virus to the monkeys. These results demonstrate the continued promise of this approach for prevention of infection in humans. However, the problem of anti-antibody responses will need to be understood and overcome for this approach to be effective.
The assumption of linear response of protein molecules to thermal noise or structural perturbations, such as ligand binding or detachment, is broadly used in the studies of protein dynamics. Conformational motions in proteins are traditionally analyzed in terms of normal modes and experimental data on thermal fluctuations in such macromolecules is also usually interpreted in terms the excitation of normal mode. Here, we have chosen two important protein motors — myosin V and kinesin KIF1A — and performed numerical investigations of their conformational relaxation properties within the coarse-grained elastic network approximation. We have found that the linearity assumption is deficient for ligand-induced conformational motions and can even be violated for characteristic thermal fluctuations. The deficiency is particularly pronounced in KIF 1A where the normal mode description fails completely in describing functional mechanochemical motions. This may turn out to be important for the understanding of the operation of a molecular motor.
Caveolins and cavins are crucial components of caveolae, specialized microdomains that also constitute an endocytic route. However, the molecular mechanisms and functional relevance of these interactions are unclear. Here we show that specific caveolins are independently acting negative regulators of clathrin-independent endocytosis. Cavin-1, but not Cavin2 or Cavin3, are potent inhibitors of the CLIC/GEEC pathway. In contrast, the CLI/GEEEC pathway is upregulated in cells lacking the clathin-independent carriers/GPI-AP enriched early endosomal compartment ( CLIC ) endocystosis. We also found that noncaveolar Cavin1 can act as a modulator for the activity of the key regulator of the clic/GEEF pathway, Cdc42. These results suggest that the CLIL/GEC pathway is downregulated by caveolin proteins, and that the function of the Cdc2 pathway may be regulated by the CDC2 pathway. These findings provide new insights into the role of the cavin family in regulating the CLICA/GEEH pathway.
Two-component signaling systems are ubiquitous in bacteria, Archaea and plants and play important roles in sensing and responding to environmental stimuli. To propagate a signaling response the typical system employs a sensory histidine kinase that phosphorylates a Receiver ( REC ) domain on a conserved aspartate ( Asp ) residue. Although it is known that some REC domains are missing this Asp residue, it remains unclear as to how many of these divergent REC domains exist, what their functional roles are and how they are regulated in the absence of the conserved Asp. Here we have compiled all deposited REC domains missing their phosphorylated Asp residues, renamed here as the Aspartate-Less Receiver ( ALR ) domains. Our data show that ALRs are surprisingly common and are enriched for when attached to more rare effector outputs. Our work provides insights into shared mechanisms of activation between ALR and REC domains.
Oncolytic herpes simplex viruses ( oHSVs ) have been shown to be highly effective in clinical trials and practice. However, they are not fully virulent in the tumor. In this study, we show that the retargeted OHSVs are highly effective against tumor-specific tumor cells, and that they are able to induce and then dampen the innate response. We show that they have the potential to be very effective in immunotherapy against cancer cells, but that the immune response to the virus is not robust. We report on the first efficacy study of a fully-virulent OHSV, R-115, in immunocompetent mice. We demonstrate that the virus-retargeted oHSV is highly effective at inducing a local immune response, i. e. it is able to inhibit the growth of the primary tumor, but not the secondary tumor. We also show that R-116 and R-117 are highly efficacious in inducing a localized immune response. The immunosuppressive tumor microenvironment is also highly robust, and the immunococompatibility of the virus and the immune system is robust.
Human adenovirus 5 ( Ad5 ) -based HIV vaccine has been shown to be effective in preventing HIV infection in some vaccinated individuals. However, HIV infection is still a major challenge for global public health. In this study, we investigated the HIV susceptibility of vector-specific CD4 T cells induced by Ad5 vaccination. We found that ALVAC- and Ad5 vector-induced CD4-T cells in RV144 PBMC were less susceptible to HIV infection than Ad5- and ad5-specific T cells in HVTN204 PBMC. Furthermore, we found that CD4 cells were more susceptible to R5 and X4 HIV infection, respectively, compared to Ad5 vectors. These results suggest that CD8 T cells are not immune to HIV, but rather, they are immune to both HIV and R5 HIV infection. Taken together, these data suggest that the CD8 vs. CD4 cell proliferative responses in CD4T cells are associated with the reduced surface expression of HIV entry co-receptors CCR5 and CXCR4 on these cells. We also show that CD5-mediated CD4/CD4 T-cell proliferative response induced by different HIV vaccine vectors is associated with a lower surface expression in CD5 T cells. These data suggest a role of CD8- and AD5-T-cell proliferation in HIV vaccination.
In mammals, the ability to silence one of their two X chromosomes is known as X inactivation. However, this process is not universally observed in mammals. In the case of marsupials, the selection of X inactivating strategies depends on the genetic parameters of dominance, linkage, recombination, and sex-differential selection. In this study, we show that the selection process for X-inactivation is largely mediated by the interaction between dominance and sex differences. We also show that selection for a broad and continuous range of X-linked mutations is likely to favor the evolution of biased X- inactivation strategies. We propose that the genetic conditions that favor the evolutionary evolution of X–linked mutations are extremely permissive, and that the conditions for the evolution are extremely strict.
Zinc-finger antiviral protein ( ZAP ) is a host factor that restricts the infection of many viruses mainly through RNA degradation, translation inhibition and innate immune responses. So far, only one flavivirus, yellow fever virus, has been reported to be ZAP-resistant. Here, we investigated the antiviral potential of human ZAP against three flaviviruses, Japanese encephalitis virus ( JEV ), dengue virus ( DENV ) and Zika virus ( ZIKV ). We found that ZAP binds with JEV and inhibits the RNA degradation and translation inhibition of JEV RNA. ZAP also inhibits the translation of the JEV viral RNA into the cytoplasm. We identified JEV as the first flaviviral to bind ZAP and confer sensitivity to ZAP. We also found that JEV 3′-UTR, especially in the region with dumbbell structures and high content of CG dinucleotide, was mapped to bind zAP. These findings suggest that Zap may act as an intrinsic antiviral factor through specific RNA binding and antiviral properties.
Rift Valley fever virus ( RVFV ) is a major human and animal pathogen associated with severe disease including hemorrhagic fever or encephalitis. The virus is endemic to parts of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula, but there is significant concern regarding its introduction into non-endemic regions and the potentially devastating effect to livestock populations with concurrent infections of humans. To date, there is little detailed data directly comparing the host response to infection with wild-type or vaccine strains of RVFsV and correlation with viral pathogenesis. Here we characterized clinical and systemic immune responses to virus infection in mice. We found that the host immune response to viral infection was strong and elicited a strong, pro-inflammatory cytokine response, which correlated with high virus titers and significant tissue pathology. Lymphopenia and platelet depletion were indicators of disease onset with indications of lymphocyte recovery correlating with increases in G-CSF production. These data suggest that the virus is hepatotropic and in these studies significant clinical and histological data supported these findings; however, significant evidence of liver necrosis and hepatitis was not apparent. These findings suggest that RVFVs infection is a highly pathogenic virus that is associated with a loss of liver function due to liver necrotizing factor ( IFN ) antagonist activity.
The cancer of the triple-negative breast cancer ( TNBC ) is characterized by a highly proliferative capacity, early complete response ( CR ) does not correlate with overall survival ( OS ). The mechanisms of taxane chemoresistance in TNBC have not been well investigated. Here, we show that C-C motif chemokine ligand 20 ( CCL20 ) was significantly elevated during taxane-containing chemotherapy in breast cancer patients with nonpathologic complete response. Furthermore, CCL 20 promoted the self-renewal and maintenance of breast cancer stem cells ( BCSCs ) or breast cancer cells through protein kinase Cζ ( PKCζ ) or p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases ( MAPK ) -mediated activation of p65 nuclear factor kappa B ( NF-κB ) pathway, significantly increasing the frequency and taxane resistance of BC SCs. Moreover, we showed that CCL-promoted NF-KB activation increased ATP-binding cassette subfamily B member 1 ( ABCB1 ) /multidrug resistance 1 ( MDR1 ) expression, leading to the extracellular efflux of taxanes. These results suggested that CCS20 may be a novel chemoresistant marker for cancer cell survival.
Toxoplasma gondii is an obligate intracellular parasite that can infect virtually all nucleated cells in warm-blooded animals. The ability of the parasite to infect and successfully manipulate its host is dependent on its ability to transport “GRA” proteins that originate in unique secretory organelles called dense granules into the host cell nucleus. The translocation process and its machinery are not well understood. Here we show that the translocation of a subset of GRA proteins to the cytosol is sufficient to allow GRA1 to transport GRA16 and GRA24 to the host nucleus. We further show that fusing intrinsically disordered effectors to a structured DHFR domain blocks the transport of other effectors, consistent with a translocon-based model of effector translocation.
Papillomaviruses ( PV ) are the most important pathogen in the world. The PV genome replicates and is maintained as circular covalently closed double stranded DNA plasmids in infected cells. The viral E2 protein binds to and recruits the E1 DNA helicase at the viral origin. The E1 protein is required for replication of the PV genome, but it is not required for viral replication. In this study, we show that the E2 proteins bind to and recruit E1 and E2, respectively. E2 is required to initiate viral replication, however, E1 is not sufficient to initiate the viral genome replication. We also show that E2 does not bind to E1 or E2 at the virus origin, suggesting that E1/E2 is not necessary for viral genome amplification.
Brucellosis is one of the most common zoonotic diseases worldwide, and Central Asia remains a Brucella hotspot. The World Health Organization classifies brucellosis as a neglected zoonosis that is rarely in the spotlight for research and mainly affects poor, marginalized people. Urban and peri-urban farming is a common practice in many low-income countries, and it increases the incomes of families that are often restrained by limited economic resources. However, there is a concern that the growing number of people and livestock living close together in these areas will increase the transmission of zoonotically negative individuals such as Brucellas. This study investigates the presence of Brucela DNA in bovine milk in the urban and peric-urban area of Dushanbe, Tajikistan. BrucellA DNA was detected in 10. 3% of 564 cow milk samples by IS711-based real-time PCR. This finding is concerning because consumption of unpasteurized dairy products is common in the region. Furthermore, Brucellae DNA was found in the milk of all seropositive cows, but 8. 3 percent of the seronegative cows also showed the presence. These findings highlight the need to further investigate whether there is an urgent need for implementing complementary diagnostic strategies to detect false serological negative individuals in Brucellosis surveillance, control, and eradication programmes. Furthermore, vaccination of cattle with S19 in addition to vaccination of small ruminants with Rev 1 might be needed in order to control Brucellus infections in the livestock population but further research focusing on the isolation of Brucelles is required to obtain a comprehensive understanding of the Brucell a spp. circulating among the livestock in this region. Â
Chromosome and genome stability are important for normal cell function as instability often correlates with disease and dysfunction of DNA repair mechanisms. In the pathogenic fungus Zymoseptoria tritici, the accessory chromosomes are highly unstable, which are highly stable during meiosis and mitosis, transcriptionally repressed, and show enrichment of repetitive elements. In this system, H3K9me3 is a major histone methyltransferase that is involved in the regulation of chromatin structure. In addition, the presence of H3 K9me2/3 in accessory chromosomes is associated with the formation of new chromosomes, which may be associated with increased transcriptional activity. We investigated the impact of the deletion of the histone histone modification H3 k9me1 and H3k27me3 on chromosome stability and genome instability. We found that the deletion was associated with a significant increase in chromatin reorganization, which is associated to increased chromatin expression. We also found that H2K9ME3 was associated to a significant decrease in chromatographic expression in the mutant strains. These findings suggest that H3 is important for the maintenance of chromosome stability because it disallows H3 from the region that is enriched with H3.
Rabies is the most common disease in humans and is often fatal once clinical signs appear but can be readily prevented with prompt and appropriate post-exposure prophylaxis ( PEP ). PEP vaccination is essential in preventing rabies from becoming fatal. However, PEP is expensive and requires a large number of clinic visits to be administered. In order to prevent this, we present a framework for comparing the cost-effectiveness of different PEP regimens and comparing their relative costs and benefits to bite victims and healthcare providers. We find that PEP vaccine is more cost-effective than ID vaccination and that it is more affordable to treat bite victims than ID vaccines. We also find that switching to ID delivery of PEP would reduce the cost of Pep vaccination by reducing the volume of vaccine required to treat the same number of patients, which could mitigate vaccine shortages, and would dramatically reduce the costs of implementing PEP free-of-charge.
Toxoplasma gondii is an obligate intracellular parasite that replicates in mammalian cells within a parasitophorous vacuole ( PV ) that does not fuse with any host organelles. The parasite is capable of scavenging host LD-derived neutral lipids, albeit to a much lower extent than WT parasites, as evidenced by microscopic observations illustrating very large lipid droplets ( LD ) that are stored in the PV. We show that the parasite is able to scavenge host LD from the PV, and that the LD is not restricted to the PV membrane. We also show that Toxoplasmic acid ( TAG ) is an important lipid-metabolizing enzyme that is involved in lipid metabolism. TAG is a lipid-rich lipid that is stored in host LD and can be used as a substrate for lipid synthesis. TAG has been shown to be a key component of the lipid metabolism of the parasite, and is associated with the production of lipid-containing lipids. TAG can be scavenged from host LD, and TAG is used as an inhibitor of lipid metabolism in the host cell. TAG-derived lipids are also present in the membrane, and are used as lipids for lipid assembly in the parasite.
Fasciolosis is a serious disease of cattle and sheep caused by the liver flukes Fasciola hepatica and Fasciula gigantica, which cause fasciole infections. The liver fluke is a major cause of human infections and is considered an emerging zoonotic disease by the World Health Organization due to an increased incidence of human infection. In this work, we have identified novel chalcones that inhibit the Fasciolosine proteases FhCL3 and FhCS1. We show that these compounds interact with the Cys-His catalytic dyad and key S2 and S3 pocket residues, determinants of the substrate specificity of this family of enzymes. Interestingly, C34 is highly active towards the juvenile enzyme, reducing larval ability to migrate through the gut wall and decreasing its viability in vitro. These findings open new avenues for the development of novel drugs to control fluke infections and possibly other helminthics.
The visual system transmits information about fast and slow changes in light intensity through separate neural pathways. We used in vivo imaging to investigate how bipolar cells transmit these signals to the inner retina. We found that the volume of the synaptic terminal is an intrinsic property that contributes to different temporal filters. Individual cells transmit through multiple terminals varying in size, but smaller terminals generate faster and larger calcium transients to trigger vesicle release with higher initial gain, followed by more profound adaptation. Smaller terminals transmitted higher stimulus frequencies more effectively. Our results indicate how one neuron can transmit different temporal components in the visual signal through different synaptic terminals with different adaptational properties.
Synapses are the most common synapses in the brain, and they are the basis for many of the brain’s most complex and complex systems. The ability to detect synapses from multiplex fluorescence microscopy ( muxFM ) image data is essential for the identification of new synapses. However, the ability to identify synapses using a probabilistic approach is limited. We propose a novel approach to investigate synapse heterogeneity using mux FM image data, which provides voxel-conjugate FM and electron microscopy images. We show that our approach is able to detect multiple synapses at the same time, and accurately reproduces known architectural features of cortical synapse distributions. This approach opens the door to data-driven discovery of new synaptic types and their density.
Zinc is a vital trace element crucial for the proper function of some 3, 000 cellular proteins. Specifically, zinc is essential for key physiological processes including nucleic acid metabolism, regulation of gene expression, signal transduction, cell division, immune- and nervous system functions, wound healing, and apoptosis. Consequently, impairment of zinc homeostasis disrupts key cellular functions resulting in various human pathologies. Mammalian zinc transport proceeds via two transporter families ZnT and ZIP. However, the mechanism of action of ZnNT2, which is responsible for vesicular zinc accumulation and zinc secretion into breast milk during lactation, is currently unknown. Herein, we demonstrate that ZnNT2 is a proton-coupled zinc transporter, and that the proton gradient in acidic vesicles is not strictly necessary to maintain the acidic pH of the vesicle. Furthermore, we show that upon the addition of exogenous zinc, the vesian pH underwent alkalization, presumably due to an anti-zinc antiport; this phenomenon was reversed in the presence of TPEN, a specific zinc chelator. Finally, we propose that the mechanism for ZnTP2-dependent zinc transport into breast-milk is not necessarily strictly necessary, and we propose a novel mechanism for zinc transport that can be used to improve our understanding of zinc transport.
Replication fork integrity, which is essential for the maintenance of genome stability, is monitored by checkpoint-mediated phosphorylation events. 14-3-3 proteins are able to bind phosphorylated proteins and were shown to play an undefined role under DNA replication stress. However, we now show that 14-4-3 protein is involved in the regulation of replication forks. We show that the 14-5-3 enzyme Exonuclease 1 ( Exo1 ) processes stalled replication forks in checkpoint-defective yeast cells. We also show that this activity is controlled by 14-2-3 and additional unknown targets, promoting fork progression, stability, and restart in response to DNA replication stresses.
